Take cover!
Find cover! Now!
What do you need?
That's the cell I was locked in.
My buddy Pete used to live in this house. He was my classmate.
Valentina
Kill the suckers!
Valya, did you join the army under the Komsomol draft, too?
You can't go to the village. I have no idea what the village head told the officer, but he brought an army with him!
You have to lie down. It's the only way you’ll recover.
Ivan
Vasiliy Gavrilovich
Vasily Gavrilovich, you're from Ukraine, aren't you?
Vasily Gavrilovich, finally! Do you have any news? Oh, who's that with you?
Waffen hinlegen!
Your unit is the most experienced, the most skilled and the most determined.
Your comrade's hurt. Stay with him, and we'll deal with the traitor.
Was he your comrade? I'm sorry.
Bite the dust, Fritz!
Them's the breaks.
What if they got into trouble and someone got hurt? And I'm sitting here, doing nothing!
What if he's in trouble and needs help? What if he was hurt by some animal or captured by the Germans?
We'll never forget it!
As I live and breathe!
I'm making you clean all the guns when we get back.
I'll get back with a key.
They'll be back. Got lost in their own backyard, I betcha.
So raise the scarlet standard high, beneath its shade we'll live and die...
One bridge out of action delays troops and equipment.
If the Germans raise the alarm, our mission will have failed. Which means that gun won’t be destroyed.
I saw one of those Berthas at Novogeorgievsk. Some firepower, I can tell you. This must be some more mobile sister.
I've seen them cornering those partisans.
You saw their chief?
Have you seen any strangers today?
Video
Obviously, the Commandant wants to put an end to the resistance once and for all.
So it seems that I wasn't destined to die today. Thank you!
I can see the enemy.
I see you've arrived safely. I was afraid you'll get caught by the Germans along the way.
I saw you coming, so I pulled over. I didn't expect your car to skid!
It looks like a sabotage. Could our hunter have done this?
Careful, there's a mine.
There was an airstrike and people were inside their houses.
First up, there were no other volunteers.
I'd wager they were meant to be part of that counter-partisan operation.
Let's take this baby with us.
Come with us, buddy. We'll find you a better use.
I'll see you get your parole when the war's over.
The place is chock full of Fascists.
If you can't stand the heat, keep clear of the kitchen, right?
Look, there's a couple of them over there. Let's ask them.
That girl was killed over there.
There they are, the vipers.
We'll take 'em by surprise.
You're such a brooder, Nellie! They're not even two hours late, and look at you! You’re already driving everyone mad with your worry!
Would be nice to see them again some day. They may even be defending Moscow now.
I miss the sun.
Think you're tough, bitch?
Listen to that scum! We must shut his pie hole.
No more Fascists left.
As you can see, my childhood dream has come true.
Then do it silently, or you'll only have one eye left to watch from.
I'm afraid the Fascists will take it out on local folk as well. The SS are vicious in their vengeance.
I’m asking myself the same question.
Someday some man is going be lucky to have you as his wife! Or are you already married? Tell me, Valentina Alievna.
I've got some meds.
There's the top dog.
There's our adversary.
That's how you feel, huh? I thought nothing could rattle you and the Sergeant.
So you did, huh?.. In that case, I don't mind you staying here. But make sure you deal with every one of them!
My recon experience comes in handy.
The Red Army will stop the enemy before they reach Moscow—and chase them right back to where they came from!
You dirtbag! You just killed a man for no reason!
You piece of crap!
That's why they never picked me for the recon.
Will you get lost already?
Suppose we win the war. What next? I go serve my time again?
I'm a busy man.
Nothing gets past you, huh?
You little rascal! Turning my words against me, huh?
There we go.
This is my kind of sport!
Here's your new tie.
That's what you get!
Now you’ve made me real mad!
Sanek  told me you had medals from competitions.
I never expected him to become a partisan.
Uh, Shaitan!
Onwards! We'll show 'em hell!
Into battle! It’s time for the enemy to lose it head!
Let's go.
Germans ahead, in numbers. Get ready to battle.
There’ll be many dangerous operations to come. So it's time, I believe, to swear a partisan oath.
Enemy traps all over the place.
The enemy is defeated!
The enemy is smart, but we're smarter.
Don't count your enemies. Just kill them!
We don't have much time, so I'll be brief. This task will be our most challenging so far.
I know these are difficult times, but, come on, can't you cheer up!
Oh no, you don't!
The coast is clear.
Is everyone alright?
