Let's do what we have to do.
Wipe out the vermin!
Get lost.
Alright. Our task is to clear up the skies for our planes.
The target of our first sabotage mission is the enemy tank.
There's more of them than the Fritz.
The partisans might have threatened them, coerced them into something evil!
They need to be stopped, or the people will starve come winter.
Don’t get ahead of yourself! Do you even know how a bridge structure works?
He was too scared to beg for food. Once the Polizei shot at him.
Help! Hurry!
We’ll only get one shot at this, but there's no way we can approach that line, let alone the bridge.
Cleared for service!
Besides, the Germans are hardly expecting another attack.
Always combat-ready!
If it weren't for you, old Trofim could've been caught. You, you don't look familiar. Did the kid bring you here?
If only he'd step out of his lair at the station, I'd feed him a fistful of iron.
It's all over.
The other side looks quiet.
He ordered them to scour the area. Someone must have escaped.
I think they got me bad.
Let's hurry. The execution is less than half an hour away.
Well-deserved.
That hurts!
Before the Commandant starts suspecting we're working with them.
I would have to blow up.
It's like playing hide-and-seek.
I feel like I’m on a recon mission.
How did a career criminal end up in a partisan group?
Come again?
How did you know? I'm not wearing any insignia.
No pasaran, as they say.
Comrade Captain, do you think some of our people managed to break out?
We need a plan how to stop that beast. The Germans have bumped up security along the railway.
That stings!
What shall I do?
As good as new!
We'll start recruiting as soon as the manhunt is called off. For now, rest up.
What are we going to do about the traitor, Comrade Captain? Shoot him on the spot and get it over with?
How's the evacuation going? Any problems with the Polizei?
Why do you think? We're going to blow up bridges and derail trains. Forget hunting village heads and commandants! We have better things to do.
Just as I thought, the German Commandant was informed of our activities. Colonel Mellenberg is preparing a counter-partisan operation.
As I said, a joint operation of army forces and partisan units is in the works.
As I said, I was counting on you to drop by.
It's suspiciously quiet.
I hear, the partisans are out for blood. It's kinda scary.
What's it like in town?
Any news?
Settling scores?
Whatever it is, the answer is no.
What the hell are elite squads doing so far behind the lines?
What do you mean, 'run'? Are you out of your mind? You don't leave comrades behind! I can carry you.
I'm Captain Zorin. My comrade and I managed to escape a camp just recently.
Commander Zorin?
 Captain! You're alive. I thought the Fascists got to you.
Captain, I never thanked you for saving our lives and for punishing the traitor.
I've had the rank since the Finnish war. I was in charge of a recon platoon then.
Punisher
Smells like trouble.
I swear to never let my weapon lie until the last Fascist is banished from our lands.
Their chief loves the Ukrainian bacon I made. Says it went nicely with vodka.
Come here, you filthy swine!
When will they set us free?
When will they be here?
After we take out the guards, we plant three bombs.
When the Germans return, tell them that the partisans came and took it.
Buckshot for everyone!
Who else wants a nap in the mud?
Does someone need whacking?
Which one do we take down first?
Some have tried, but they need a good commander. Someone experienced. Like yourself.
Kolkhoz worker
Smirnov
Comrade Captain said you were an athlete, Kolya. Which sport?
A ring around the moon, the storm will come real soon.
The Commander shouldn't leave his soldiers behind.
Commander! You're back on your feet!
Commander, yesterday you said that we would protect the townsfolk from the Germans! There's no one to help them but us.
Where do you come from, commander?
What do we do, Commander! That lunatic is going to kill them!
Commander?
You're the commander.
Give me an order!
He's the Commandant of the Bogachevo station. His nickname is the Potato Fuehrer.
Camp commandant
I bet the Commandant is in his office in the main building, busy preparing the operation.
The commandant's going skin them alive.
The Commandant's office is over there, you just need to get across the rails. But you can't just jump the hedge and take the ditch.
This is Commissar Nikitin. He was back there in Volkovo with us. He'll tell you the story.
Your Commissar is badly wounded!
Commissar, you wanted to talk to me once I was fit again.
Could you escort them, Commissar? I don't want to split my forces.
Commissar?
Who wants a bullet?
Does someone need help?
We must hope for the best. I'm sure you'll get to see him when the war is over.
Of course, it's a perfect fit. It was built for partisans.
Of course! My grandmother used to live there. Why? Do you want me to go with you?
The show is over.
Red Army soldier Belozerova. Let's go find the bastard.
It's locked up tight.
An eye for an eye. A life for a life.
