Someone escaped the POW camp, and now they're searching for them.
Out of the Frying Pan Into the Fire
He was supposed to be transferred from the prisoner-of-war camp to an internment camp. Fully aware that this would be a one-way ticket for him and his comrades, Zorin began work on a breakout, but the Germans discovered his plans.
You can use pistols, shotguns and submachine guns against distant targets, but the effect will be underwhelming. 
You can make a whistle or a lighter out of a good shell.
The Fascists are tightening the screws because of the partisans.
Many locals have fallen ill because of the cold.
Avoid civilian casualties
Burnt Out
Learning skills
Icon
Some of the locals must have helped them.
They can never catch the partisans!
There were multiple witnesses to Fomin's exceptional contribution to the defense as well as his personal valor and bravery.
If you have this skill, your partisan will have high effect on global map activities success chances. 
If you have this skill, your partisan will have huge effect on global map activities success chances.
If you have this skill, your partisan will have low effect on global map activities success chances. 
If you have this skill, your partisan will have medium effect on global map activities success chances. 
Inventory
You will encounter special areas, where enemies are able to notice Sanek while he uses his "disguise" ability. Try to move Sanek out of these areas as quickly as possible.
The ability charges refill every once in a while.
Tools
Information
Bottles
Grenades
Mines
Using environment I
Tripwires
Abilities are blocked. Visibility in the fog of war is reduced.
Use
activate the second ability
Activate the first ability
Use item from the first slot
Use item from the third slot
Use item from the second slot
Use item from slot
activate the first ability
activate the third ability
Used to calculate artillery firing trajectories.
Use LMB to choose your action or move your partisan. To cancel the chosen action or movement, click RMB.
Use LMB to move your partisan or select an action. Click RMB to cancel a move or an action. 
You can restore your HP with medicine, by placing your medkits in the item slot.
Use grenades against groups of enemies. Keep in mind that they’re very loud and can attract even more enemies.
Double-click LMB to sprint.
Use WASD to move the camera. You can rotate your camera with the Q and E buttons. Use your mousewheel to change camera distance.
Used for preserving food and upgrading the buildings.
Exhaustion
Total
They're long gone.
Nobody's fault but theirs.
We won't know where they're hiding.
Even the cattle get better treatment than us!
CATEGORY
CONTAINER
TROPHY CORNER
KITCHEN
I'd still be slaving away in the kolkhoz if it weren't for the war.
If I only knew how it'd turn around...
Every day trains full of German reinforcements are heading for the front lines. We should do everything in our power to ensure they don't reach their destination.
Each modifier is unique and makes the mission more challenging.
Punishment
I hope they won't kill me.
I want some German smokes.
I should get documentation that says I have German blood.
I wish I knew what happened to them...
This could get messy.
How do I make you talk?
Just as Vasily Gavrilovich feared, the Fascists sent in a death squad after we blew up the bridge with the SS convoy in Volkovo. The Polizei chief Zobel will personally lead the mission. We must save the townsfolk and eliminate the Fascist punisher.
How could we lose?
What shall I put on the table?
I wonder how my sweetheart is doing... is he dead? Is he hurt?
As soon as you hear the enemy motorcyclist approaching, pull the wire tight, loop its end around the tree several times and find a hiding place.
How?!
What a ridiculous death...
Some long text
Caliber
Rock
Stone throwing is a very simple and effective way to draw enemy attention.
Captain B.L. Khigrin was ordered to prevent German tanks from reaching a bridge on the Drut River.
Trap
The trap is set. Just waiting for a Nazi now.
Traps are used for inflicting wounds and stunning your enemy for a very long time.
Death squad
Death squads have been combing the ruins of a bombed-out town. If they reach the field hospital, where the underground docs help the locals and partisans, it'll be a disaster. We need to stop them.
Help me!
Zenith pocket watch
Tactical map
Map
Buckshot I
Buckshot II
Potato Führer
Cast-iron meat grinder
High Quality
Kerosene
Water boiler
Move & Interact key
Toggle Viewcones / Cancel Action key
Camera controls:
Control keys:
The fish were biting well today.
Morosov's key
Inner gates key
