You'd better stay out of trouble, Morozov. We have the same enemy. I’ll have no feuding in my team.
You don’t have any candy, do you?
While I was dealing with violent felonies and chasing murder suspects!
Where did you study, Valentina Alievna?
I liked being a student, even though sometimes I had to study all night.
I enrolled to study only because my fiancée's parents wanted me to.
Why not Kulagin?
Why me again?
Why medicine? It’s hard, isn’t it?
Why not a field commander, like Zorin here?
What were you doing at the station in the middle of the night?
Trofim, What trinket have you got hidden beneath that coat of yours?
I'd hate them to think that we ran away like chickens. We must eliminate the officer.
Well, aside from that, I failed at almost everything in my life, no matter what I took on.
I remember the opening of this bridge. There was a huge celebration.
I hear that the fresh air works wonders.
So?
Aha...
Yes. Just before the war, the Fascists sent me and my friends off to dig trenches. They got all sorts of people there, girls, very young Komsomol members...
Yeah? What if you get killed? You never miss a sortie!
Ouch!
Ouch! Damn it.
Mukhambetova here!
Argh! Bastard!
An artillerist.
Uh oh, trouble!
You scum!
You bastard...!
Ha ha ha!
Granny Maria
Biermeier's gang has been raiding the grain elevator.
Goodness gracious! Sanek! Of course, you can! It's in the chest inside the house.
Get out of here. Hide. We'll set up our welcoming committee.
Go ahead, I'll catch up with you.
Let's go!
I can't open it without a key.
Can't open it without a key.
It's so dreary without the sun.
This weather's getting desperate.
Kill the bastards!
Kill them!
Kill the Fascists!
Belozerova... Sounds familiar.
You cut a tree, you kill a life!
Biermeier
Biermeier mentioned a cannon called "Schlanke Bertha"
Biermeier is finished. It won't stop the scum and their terror, but the townsfolk are avenged.
Bitte. Zu essen!
Tell that to the partisans. They are the reason of all this extra security.
A mule is born to be beaten.
Our comrade is hurt!
The battle is over.
Hurts like a bitch.
Pain toughens the spirit.
I hope it hurts!
Most of them were killed during the air strike, but some managed to leave the station.
Big reward ist gut!
No more propaganda.
Otherwise, no strangers. No one.
Your killing days are over.
I swear, I won't get captured again.
Fortresses rise from a single rock, Sanek . Live and learn. We'll see about bridges later.
I made the bombs. Make sure you set them correctly, then sit back and enjoy the fireworks.
I worry too much. My Nastya is stuck in Leningrad. Work keeps the bad thoughts at bay.
I regret that we have no other option but to give in to them. Or else the partisans will lose people's trust forever.
He didn't want to lose me! But I said some things I regret... that I wasn't his to command, things like that.
It's so c-c-cold! I hope the Germans will freeze.
Bravo, Captain Zorin. You fought bravely. It is an honor to battle an opponent like yourself.
Let's keep it up!
We can kill officers, burn down stores, recruit. We can get people to fight!
We'll have 'em.
You're being evicted. Pack your things, lady.
It feels like I'm back with my recon platoon.
The snakes are moving in!
I once visited the Ural mountains. Beautiful landscape.
I've had worse.
There was one girl right there. She always was in a good mood always laughed. I thought I could take a chance and escape, but no such luck. That's when the Junkers came in.
That’s nonsense! I bet that’s just a rumor spread by the Germans!
That's a tall tale. Not sure I believe it!
At the Alma-Ata medical school.
In Belarus! How can you be so ignorant? Even I know where it is.
You're clearly ready to sacrifice yourselves, even though it wasn't your smartest move back there in Volkovo.
Volkovo is crawling with Germans, and what’s worse is that darn Gestapo officer Zobel is with them!
To think, it's the same miserable weather in Leningrad now!
The barns are empty. People are going to starve come winter!
Attack!
Partisanen come to village.
Direct hit!
I spent my childhood in Novosibirsk. Then my dad got transferred to Moscow, and I moved with him.
Without honor, we might as well be dead.
In the end, if Karl can't get you to talk, perhaps, this blond Fräulein can?
When I was young, the church bells rang on holy days. I haven't heard them for ages.
On a sunny day, even war feels a little easier.
We had a huge fight the last time I saw him. He wanted me to return to Moscow.
I was last year's gold champion of the local Workers' Olympics.
Healthcare is so poor in this area.
Check his boots.
Sappers are shoveling a nearby field. They must have dragged it in.
The local hospital treats wounded partisans. That's all I know.
The dark makes us harder to spot.
Give me a break! The shooting range? And your mother didn't mind? A gun is not a toy.
Was into long-distance hiking. And he enrolled at university because his future in-laws wanted him to have a degree.
