My faithful blade.
Reprisals for cruelty, violence and killing must be conducted ruthlessly and relentlessly.
You've made a wise choice.
Men, women... all blown to pieces... and that girl, too. Since then, I’ve had a simple greeting for that scum: my knife—their ribs.
We're in a forest. There is plenty of fresh air everywhere. Now get back to the tent!
We used to create school papers like this one!
We don’t have to go there, do we?
We must eliminate all Fascists.
This fight isn't over.
We still have work to do.
We know that Bertha will stop at Krasnoselskaya station and stay there for a while.
We can catch them off-guard.
We can sneak inside through the same breach from the shell that the Germans used.
We're working on it. Can you walk?
We have no idea who did this!
We can't leave! We must make sure everyone escapes!
The SS squad were taking these people to die, and we freed them. The Germans kill everyone. Children, adults, they don't care!
We're almost free! The commander should make it!
We came to save the townsfolk and kill the Gestapo bastard, and in that  order!
Comrade Olga and I walked away with just a few bruises, but the Captain got beaten badly.
Have we met? Commissar...
We're coming!
We're losing our comrade!
We can't fight the Fascists on our own forever!
There's a train full of Germans at the station and you forgot to bring an army, so you'll have to take the long way around.
Don't count on grand cuisine. I'm a terrible cook.
This is war.
Can't fight a war on an empty stomach.
Prey comes callin'...
Fetisov or I could get killed like this if we stayed at the camp.
Do I look so much like a target?
We have a great responsibility.
Not a cloud in the sky.
The square is packed with Germans troops. We need everyone here!
All they really want is your food, your belongings. And more cannon fodder they can pressure into fighting for the Soviets!
But first I want to see what medicines you have and examine a patient.
The station was full of SS soldiers. Pretty suspicious.
Some of them could have left the station by then. We need to find out if any SS soldiers have been noticed in the area.
We have to destroy the station’s two anti-aircraft guns: they will target our aircraft.
An old man is a magnet for malady.
The area is swarming with Fascists. Weapons ready!
And a delay like that can turn the tide of a battle. It's worth the risk.
If there's one thing we don't have time for, it's pointless bickering. In war, nothing ever goes the way you want it. Period.
What's the ante?
A noogie.
That's all. Get some rest. Tomorrow is a day for celebration.
Take that!
It must have been a successful kolkhoz.
Must be one of the vehicles that the Fascists couldn't repair and had to leave behind on the battlefield.
No doubt you've some booze stashed somewhere.
That’s one tough lock.
I hope I won't miss.
I hope their commander's with them. I'd be so happy to put a bullet in his head!
I hope I won't get caught.
I hope we're not getting caught here.
Well, I hope they don't mistake us for them.
I hope the bees are asleep. We won't get any prettier if they sting us all over.
I hope, I won't have to give CPR.
Hurry! Run!
Should probably grad him back.
I should have taken more rest.
We must be prepared.
Got to be more careful.
We need a lockpick.
We gotta wait for a Fascist train and blow it up!
We need to act.
Who'd have thought... From what I gather, he's an anti-Bolshevik, rubbing shoulders with the Polizei.
Could use a pick-me-up.
Gotta check their pockets.
Let's search the office. The documents should be in a safe.
Gotta scrounge some ammo.
Help the wounded! Hurry!
We need to warn the townsfolk! They can't stay! They must go and hide in the woods!
We must keep fighting.
Expand the dugout, build some utility structures...
Gotta use another weapon!
The stupid sun is making me sick. Just sits there shining like it doesn't care.
There's no turning back.
Fall back! Take cover!
At last!
Regular provisions could come in handy. Go right ahead.
We needed a base to hide from the Germans and dress our wounds, and your place was a perfect fit.
Let's have a little girl talk.
We blew up a tank, punished the Zaborovka village head for treason, sabotaged a punitive operation in town...
We'll ambush the convoy and shoot our way out.
Shot him dead!
Don't push it.
They could detect us.
You won't catch us so easily!
It might not be forever, but you know how the saying goes: mend your sails while the weather is fine.
Let's start over. Where is your base located?
Always ready to fight for the Motherland!
Our comrade is dying!
We did it!
Our mission is to poison the provisions that the Germans send to the front.
Here's our mission: infiltrate the repair yard and blow up the tank.
Our victory is all but certain. Neither Moscow nor Leningrad can hold out for more than two weeks.
There's no strength in numbers, but in our skills.
Now that's the time for us.
Our cause is just. Victory will be ours!
Look what I found! A Degtyarev machine gun! Searching the trenches has paid off!
A comrade is hurt!
