We'll pickle the mushrooms.
Collect honey from every hive at the apiary
Assemble squad
Obtain intact explosives
Gather eggs.
Collect/defuse every mine in the fields
Activity done
Activity failed
Events
Perform 10 rolls
Can't survive on a clear conscience alone!
A clear conscience can't feed you when you're starving!
A Soviet automatic rifle created by S. Simonov and adopted in 1936. It has a very high firerate and a burst mode that can be used in emergency situations. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A Soviet automatic rifle created by S. Simonov and adopted in 1936. It has a very high firerate and a burst mode that can be used in emergency situations. This is a medium-quality weapon.
A Soviet automatic rifle created by S. Simonov and adopted in 1936. It has a very high firerate and a burst mode that can be used in emergency situations. This is a high-quality weapon.
Soviet Pamphlet #1
Soviet Pamphlet #2
Soviet Pamphlet #3
A Soviet internal magazine-fed military rifle. It was adopted in 1891. The rifle has repeatedly proven its effectiveness and reliability in the most extreme conditions. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A Soviet internal magazine-fed military rifle. It was adopted in 1891. The rifle has repeatedly proven its effectiveness and reliability in the most extreme conditions. This is a medium-quality weapon.
A Soviet internal magazine-fed military rifle. It was adopted in 1891. The rifle has repeatedly proven its effectiveness and reliability in the most extreme conditions. This is a high-quality weapon.
Soviet defensive grenade.
Soviet rifle bullet. Suitable for: Mosin rifle, Lewis machine gun, AVS – 36, DP – 27.
A Soviet submachine gun designed by G. Shpagin. It was adopted in December of 1940. High firerate, high consumption of ammunition and rapid overheating of the barrel—the necessary price for a high density of fire. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A Soviet submachine gun designed by G. Shpagin. It was adopted in December of 1940. High firerate, high consumption of ammunition and rapid overheating of the barrel—the necessary price for a high density of fire. This is a medium-quality weapon.
A Soviet submachine gun designed by G. Shpagin. It was adopted in December of 1940. High firerate, high consumption of ammunition and rapid overheating of the barrel—the necessary price for a high density of fire. This is a high-quality weapon.
Soviet pistol ammo. Suitable for: Nagant, TT, PPSh – 41.
A Soviet light machine gun. It was adopted in 1928 and used primarily as an infantry fire support weapon. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A Soviet light machine gun. It was adopted in 1928 and used primarily as an infantry fire support weapon. This is a medium-quality weapon.
A Soviet light machine gun. It was adopted in 1928 and used primarily as an infantry fire support weapon. This is a high-quality weapon.
A Soviet double-barreled shotgun. "Solid, comfortable, reasonably built gun with a reliable curtain, good locks, a strong profile of barrels and a beautiful shape of the lodge." - S.A. Buturlin. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A Soviet double-barreled shotgun. "Solid, comfortable, reasonably built gun with a reliable curtain, good locks, a strong profile of barrels and a beautiful shape of the lodge." - S.A. Buturlin. This is a medium-quality weapon.
A Soviet double-barreled shotgun. "Solid, comfortable, reasonably built gun with a reliable curtain, good locks, a strong profile of barrels and a beautiful shape of the lodge." - S.A. Buturlin. This is a high-quality weapon.
A Soviet single-barrel external rifle developed in 1924. It is modified from the American "Iver Johnson" model. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A Soviet single-barrel external rifle developed in 1924. It is modified from the American "Iver Johnson" model. This is a high-quality weapon.
A Soviet single-barrel external rifle developed in 1924. It is modified from the American "Iver Johnson" model. This is a medium-quality weapon.
The Soviet Government and its head, Comrade Stalin, have authorized me to make the following statement: Today at 4 o'clock AM, without any claims having been presented to the Soviet Union, without a declaration of war, German troops attacked our country, attacked our borders at many points and bombed from their airplanes our cities Zhitomir, Kiev, Sevastopol, Kaunas and some others, killing and wounding over two-hundred persons. There were also enemy air raids and artillery shelling from Romanian and Finnish territory...
The contents of the bottle may be interesting to enemies.
Has anything you'd need to help a wounded fighter. Recovers a huge amount of HP.
Contains everything a wounded soldier needs to become combat-ready again. Restores a large amount of health.
Crafting a trap
Crafting a makeshift grenade
Crafting a makeshift mine
Crafting a medical bag
Craft "Painkillers"
Reduce weapon reload time by 15%.
Decreased ability cooldown.
Decreased ability cooldown. Increased number of ability uses during mission.
Using environment II
Hiding corpses II
Soldier
The war goes on even when the soldier is asleep.
A soldier's talisman. A bullet from the first clip, which is supposed to be shot right after the soldier returns from the war.
Wehrmacht Soldiers
Soltsy
Sort items
A neighbor wants me to join him and become a Polizei.
The village head's buddies noticed that something was wrong. We were forced to leave.
Concussion
Saving
Saving your game is unavailable due to the difficulty settings.
Saving completed
Saved Games
Social
Social ability.
Bipods
Run for your life!
Escape!
Lord, keep us safe.
Thank you for everything you do!
Save the prisoner
I feel sleepy.
Special training
My back aches.
The list of crimes perpetrated by the Fascist blackguards is growing every day. After an unsuccessful attempt to cross the river E., the Germans gathered 50 women and children from the surrounding villages. They put them on the boats and used them as cover while they tried to reach the other bank.
Matches
A bag made from roughly braided strings. Can hold up to 70 kilograms of goods.
Abilities
Allows you to stun enemies of higher rank (Wehrmacht soldiers).
Sprinter
They can't find me if I hide.
Partisan's Companion #1
Partisan's Companion #2
Partisan's Companion #3
Partisan's Companion #4
Partisan's Companion #5
Partisan's Companion #6
Partisan's Companion #7
Partisan's Companion #8
Partisan's Companion #9
Compared
To compare
Medium
 Medium chance of success
Allows you to silently eliminate a careless enemy.
Steel will I
Stamina x 2
Bogachevo station
Krasnoselskaya station
Always seek cover in combat to minimize the damage to your fighters.
Last for as long as you can.
Military award
