It's been a while since we reported a captured partisan.
How long have you been on the frontline?
I'm sick of searching these sheds. Should've burned them down.
Can't even disinfect a wound or anything!
Let me take a look at that.
Okay, we have acquired documents with railroad security information.
Only two soldiers and a boy? He has the Polizei on his side, and you don't have the advantage of surprise any longer.
The girl shot three of the bastards before they knew it.
Just an ordinary girl. She's got a pug nose!
Pops still isn't back.
Pops! Are you all right? I thought, the Germans had killed you!
Our fathers fought and won. So will we!
Time to act.
Like we've nothing better to do than keep watch over a bunch of old hags and stupid brats!
Now you're talking, Comrade Captain. In the meantime, I'll set up a workshop.
Practice makes perfect.
Three flowers he gave to me
The village is big, so let's stick to the main road to avoid getting lost.
Your war is over. Soon, it will be over for the Red Army, too.
I was a store manager before the war. Could get you anything back then. Should still have some contacts even now.
The left bank is out of reach. We'll have to sneak through the backyards along the right side of the river.
It'll heal in no time.
That was a good day’s hunting.
So we made a deal: if I pass my entrance exams, I get to study.
Right-oh. I'll be away for a while. See you in three days or so.
Sit out the manhunt. You don't want to put your head in the noose.
Documents
The documents are found
The papers we're after are stored in the main building.
How long do I have to hide here?
You must be proud of yourself and that laughable and pathetic attempt against our great German army.
Reporting.
They can't go back home and they won’t survive in the forest. They're mostly children and old folk...
Miller's daughter
Last shell gone out.
A friend. He was a dear friend.
Life, the way I like it!
I'm sure that the best revenge would be to finish what they started.
I bet that where those guards are stationed is where we’ll find the most valuable supplies.
Well... it's my soul.
I do have a medical need!
Breathe! I'm begging you, breathe! Hold on!
Sir, please! Give me something to eat!
Uncle Grisha, where d'you come from?
The eye fell... what's it called? The Eiffel tower!
If they had noticed me, they would have arrested everyone. If you're going there, take me with you!
If only the Red Army soldiers could give me a hand...
You see one, you report to Soldaten oder Polizei!
If everyone kills just one, there'll be no Fascists left!
If we unlock the cells, the other prisoners will be able to escape, too.
You're the only man who can handle this.
If you don't find us, get in touch with our contact, Vasily Gavrilovich in Mikhailovo.
To reveal ourselves means certain death for them. No one must see us before we reach the square.
If you need me, I'm in!
They'll raise the alarm if they see me and Nikolay. You, on the other hand, are a local.
It's us or nobody.
If they aren't back by morning, we’ll wait for Gavrilovich to bring news. Then we'll decide what to do.
We must be prepared if the Germans decide to relocate the cannon to Leningrad.
Any questions? No? Get to it then!
They aren’t people anymore. Those days are long gone. Can you evacuate the patients on your own?
We can save him if we hurry!
Sure. That's what we'll do.
If you see a stranger, go straight to the village head and tell him, alright?
And if you think your parents or neighbors are acting funny, talk to him.
If the Fascists pass, it will be over my dead body.
I could take a stroll around the neighborhood, see whether I can get some supplies coming in.
If the people need us, we'll be on hand to help. Keep in touch.
We shall stay here, and talk in front of the others. Any problems? We solve them together.
Still plenty more where that came from.
Do we have any wounded?
It’s not hard to guess. We’ve got another mission coming up—and look at us! A mixed bag of allsorts. And half of us are civilians!
You bet. In a long life, you get to see a lot of stuff.
A plane crashed in the field. The townsfolk say that, right to the bitter end, the pilot did all he could to make a safe landing.
Also, there's some kind of gathering going on in a local schoolyard. We should go and take a look.
They also have the file archives here. The Fascists keep tabs on the locals.
With extra on top for escaping?
And right by the church, too! Is nothing sacred to these people?!
You should. The townsfolk plied the Fascists with hooch and snacks for a while before that.
I always do. It's the law.
There's another breach near the storage tanks. Fewer guards, but further distance to cover.
Injured, again?..
And another score!
There's another patrol! We'll have to fight our way through.
It is also said that a certain Frau Bertha is arriving at Krasnoselskaya station in a few days.
Smoke some meat and fish for later, gather mushrooms and pickle them.
I wish we had a radio! Such a shame we missed it.
I wish I were with them. Now I'll have to escape on my own. I can't even hold a rifle, my hands are tied.
Awaiting orders.
Railroad worker
Yes, a wife and two daughters. The eldest plays violin.
Wanna hit a woman, dirtbag?
We don't give up easily. They could never take us alive. What's new in the village?
Some days every season and its weather turn up at once.
Whole villages are taking off and heading into the woods. Hardly anyone decided to stay.
Eat lead!
When swallows fly high, the weather is dry.
For the Motherland!
For your heroism, courage, and determination in the face of the enemy, Moscow is putting all members of your partisan unit forward for decoration.
Distinction in combat.
Follow me!
Experience is worth it.
Let's do it!
