I found me a beautiful girl here...
We can roast it now and cook stew.
To cook food 
To cook a lot of food 
Feed block
"Record-1" stove
To take
Resources
Income
I'll shoot the bastard!
Beat it, or I'll shoot you.
A powder that stops bleeding.
Targeting
Targeted shooting forces enemies into cover. Requires SMG.
Aim shot I
Aim shot II
Aim shot III
Make your way to the road
First reconnaissance
Test sortie
Sneak to the shed along the fence
We reached out to the townsfolk and delivered the right information.
Explore the area
There's no food left. We're on the verge of starvation. We must find some food immediately.
Provocation I
Provocation II
Withstand N enemy waves in Defense Mode.
RESUME
Continuar
Craft
Camp event
Incidents
Complete all Sorties with all modifiers.
Complete the Community Center mission in Missions Mode with all modifiers.
Complete the Defensive Position mission in Missions Mode with all modifiers.
Complete the Loot Warehouse mission in Missions Mode with all modifiers.
Complete the Comm Station mission in Missions Mode with all modifiers.
Complete any mission in Sortie Mode with at least one modified enabled.
Complete any mission in Operations Mode.
Complete the mission with no alarms
Complete the mission  Farmstead
Complete the mission Farmstead
Complete the mission within {N} minutes.
Complete the mission without using grenades
Complete the mission without using the knife
Complete the mission without using firearms
Complete the mission without using light machine guns
Complete the town mission without raising an alarm
Complete the Bogachevo st. mission with no alarms
Make your way through the village
Punctured lung
Propaganda
Permit
The bearer of this pass, having no wish to participate in senseless bloodshed on behalf of the Jews and the Commissars, abandons the defeated Red Army and joins the side of the German Armed Forces. German officers will provide food, shelter and work. You don't need the pass to join the German Forces: You are guaranteed a warm welcome in any case.
Just a log.
The enemies can call in reinforcements using special alarm systems. Do your best to prevent this.
The enemy has us outnumbered and surrounded. We're going to fight to the death. Take as many Fascists with you as you can!
A heavy rain damaged the roof. We must repair the roof of the  {0}.
Please, let me go!
Hide!
The birds are about to migrate, but we still have a chance to hunt. However, we don't want to attract unwanted attention with gunfire.
Machine Gun
Machine guns are highly effective weapons, but they need large amounts of ammunition. 
Lewis
Lewis machine gun
Let them come if they have the guts.
The partisans are to blame.
Just let them set foot here!
Gr-r-r...
SPLIT
DISBAND
CONSUMPTION
FOOD CONSUMPTIONS PER DAY
SHOVEL IN COMBAT
Radio Station
Enemy Radios
If the Germans can do it, we can do it too.
Run!
Divide into groups and look for partisans!
No one can find them now.
Exploration
Scout
Split
Broken arm
Different mechanical items.
UI Scale
Clip size
Place all your characters in the specified area to exit the location.
Take apart
Find the village head
Tendon rupture
Unload
Region available for exploring
Enemy Ranks
Enemy ranks reflect their danger level. To see the rank, hold ALT or hover your mouse pointer over the enemy. 
We should have fought earlier.
We used to beat the Germans, and now they beat us.
We beat them before, we can beat them now!
We found the stash. Gavrilovich helped us return the valuables to their owners, and we got to keep the rest.
Train schedule
Loot spreading
Tripwire mine
