For Action
To global map
The Fascists burned down a village some time ago. The villagers managed to flee and hide in the forest. Everyone survived, but they have nowhere to return to. Should we help the refugees build some temporary shelters?
The Germans are constructing barracks near the railroad station. Let's wipe out their efforts.
The railroad isn't that heavily guarded in the nearby forest. We could try to rip up the tracks.
The railroad isn't that heavily guarded in the nearby forest. We could unscrew the bolts. No one would notice until a train is derailed.
A train crashed into a truck at the rail crossing. If we wanna see what's on that train, we need to move—the Germans are going to get it up and running again in no time.
They want our Ausweis at every turn!
Additional K9, SS, and Wehrmacht patrols will appear, and there will be more messengers and alarms. Some enemies may be replaced with more dangerous ones.
There are still some potatoes and cabbages left out in the field. We should gather them before they go to waste.
There are mice in the kitchen! They're eating our food!
Service dogs on patrol
Weapons cache present
During missions you can find grey-colored items. These items will be converted into resources after you exit the mission. You can spend your resources at the partisans' base.
It hasn't been this bad in my lifetime, and I've lived long enough to remember the Tsar!
We are under attack!
A group of fugitives stumbled upon our base. They need food.
During a hasty retreat, the Red Army left some pillboxes and cases of ammo at the defense line. We can't let that go to waste!
Locals spotted a tank being delivered to a repair yard near the crossroads. Destroying the armored vehicle while it's under repair would be a good test of strength before you take things to the next level.
They built gallows at the square.
There are ducks at the lake. We could go hunting. However, we don't want to attract unwanted attention with gunfire.
I didn't sign up for this.
Biermeier's robbers are ravaging the grain elevator. The "procurement team" intends to take the entire kolkhoz's harvest. We must stop the raiders.
You get fewer points for equipping your soldiers when forming your squad.
During this mission, you will encounter: 
Game information, hints, and completed tutorials are collected within this page.
Ha! Drink some gasoline!
A pious old lady told Kulagin that the Germans converted a church in the village of Pokrovskoye into a warehouse. It seems that they're storing their spoils of war there.
We gathered and dried some medicinal herbs. We can also use them to make tea.
We found a basket of mushrooms.
We can cook some good stew.
Hover over the box and click on the interaction icon. To select an item, drag it with your cursor, double-click with LMB or click "Take all."
Melee combat skill
Skills
Nagant
Reward
Award Sheet
These flashlights were worn on chest pockets. They had several colored filters, usually red, blue or green, as well as a button for sending Morse code signals.
I must escape while I can.
I need to see a doctor, but there are no hospitals left.
We should search their homes.
I wish I were born German.
They should've sat tight.
I should watch out.
I need to heal the injury.
Got to take the kids inside.
Gotta cut back on the booze.
Gotta find me a new pair of boots.
I need a smoke.
It's time to heat up the stove.
Gotta run.
We must run for our lives!
I need to hide.
Need to comb this place.
We need to get out of harm's way.
I'm sick of it.
We can cook borsht now.
By pressing the "M" button, you can open a tactical map and see your current tasks, as well as the exit for your current location. 
You can quicksave your game by pressing [F5]. If you want to quickload your last save, press [F9]. Note that saving is impossible on the game's highest complexity level.
Click here to begin new mission
Press button for binding
Press any key to skip 
Please click "TO MISSION" 
Back
Mission name
Region name
Task assignment
Assigned partisans
Assign more partisans to go to mission
Select character for the squad
I’ll find the assholes!
Just wait till I find out who's stealing my tobacco...
I'll find out who's stealing my smokes and break his mug.
Find Trofim
Find archives
Find some explosives
Find the red banner at the warehouse 
Find aerial photography materials
Find the equipment
Find all forest caches
Finally, it's over.
I've finally achieved something.
We'll smoke the meat and store it.
The raid
An ambush with the purpose of obtaining enemy equipment and supplies should be particularly quiet, with as little gunfire and explosions as possible. Small-caliber rifles should be used, if available: Their report is notably quiet, while they still allow you to incapacitate guards and drivers to finish them off with close-combat weaponry later.
We only need to last till winter, when the Germans will surely freeze.
We managed to build a trap from whatever was available.
We managed to create some painkillers from whatever was available.
Attack from an ambush
I wish I could send my sweetheart a letter and tell him I'm no good without him!
Hard
Task 
Unseen and Untouched
We're gonna get killed!
We Weren't There
We've been robbed three times already.
Configurações
Graphic settings were changed. Do you want to apply them?
Onwards to a new day
Nastya jumped in bed with an officer! Isn't she a whore?
Valentin was initially tasked with collecting weapons and ammunition in German-occupied territories, along with the distribution of propagandist leaflets.
His first combat mission was a hard one. An officer of the Feldgendarmerie (German military police) was to drive in his car down the motorway from Shepetovka to Slavuta. At a set time Valya and his friends took positions in the bushes by the road. Soon the sound of the engine reached their ears. When the Fascist car was passing the boys' positions, Valya Kotyk stood up and threw a grenade, killing the commanding officer.
