Increased ability distance and decreased cooldown. Increased number of ability uses during mission.
Increased number of ability uses during mission.
Increased chance to hit during ambush mode [Y].
Ugryumoye swamp
Destroy item
Good luck to you!
Hold the city center
Communication post
Communication Post
Comm Station
Avoiding hits while using Evasion roll
Reinforced area
Covers
Covers and shooting
Get to safety
I have no idea how to live through winter.
I'm tired of running.
Decreases cooldown between shots by 25%
Decreases ability cooldown
Decreases weapon noise radius by 60% 
Lowers the stamina cost of running while in combat.
Decreased "Inspiration "ability cooldown.
Universal shotgun ammo. Suitable for: IZh – 5, IZhB – 36, M30 Luftwaffe.
Destroy the bandits and everybody who assists them: You are harmed by their activities most of all!
Kill Biermeier
Eliminate Zobel
Eliminate enemies on the square
Destroy every Nazi tank
Eliminate the group of punishers
Destroy the railway gun
Eliminate anti-aircraft gun
Destroy the death squad in the ruined town block
Eliminate Nazis across the river
Eliminate the guards at the second logging area
Destroy the convoy security
Destroy the bridge security
Eliminate the guards at the boat dock
Eliminate the guards at the first logging area
Eliminate the Polizei by the house
Eliminate soldiers
Destroy the tank
Eliminate every group of enemies or Nazis will come kill the miller's daughter.
Use it only for medical reasons.
Control
Controlling your group can be a challenge. Use hideouts to increase your characters' chances of survival.
Using camera
Squad control
Controlling your character
Hurray! It's the partisans!
storm
Complexity level
Complexity level: {difficulty}
Wounded partisans can die if they don't get treatment in time. Saving during missions is blocked. Tactical mode doesn't slow time.
Enemy and partisan health is very low. Every combat is a serious challenge. Dogs are very dangerous.
The harvest is rotting out there.
Damage
Farmstead
Reinforced spring
Reinforce the patrols!
Moves faster while using the Evasion roll ability
Did my family have a chance to evacuate?
Make it before the SS squad arrives
Success
Fatigue
Plant explosives
We chose not to set up an ambush. We had bigger fish to fry.
Eliminate locomotive brigade
We ambushed the cart and liberated the food. We can have a hearty meal tonight.
The next morning, we found a hare in the trap hole.
The next morning, we found elk traces near the base. We could try to track it down.
Ugh, blasted scum!
The fish stew is very good.
Taking care of your personal weapon is what distinguishes a civilized person from a Neanderthal.
Oof... It was a big bang!
Accounting and Control
I'd walk off into the woods and join the partisans if I didn't have to feed my family.
I'd walk off into the woods and join the partisans if I didn't have to feed my kids.
The Fascists have surrounded Sevastopol and the main base of the Black Sea Fleet. The city is mounting a valiant defense.
The Fascists unload their grain at the local mill. Vasily Gavrilovich thinks that the miller is a good person. We should visit the mill and see if he can store some flour for us.
The Fascists are hunting down the fugitives.
The Fascists are using P.O.W.'s at the sawmill. The locals say they treat them brutally. We need to help them escape—and sabotage their equipment while we're at it.
The Fascists are forcing people into the fields to harvest whatever is left out there. The crops will be sent to the front. We can't hijack the food train, but we can poison the provisions ready for shipment.
The Fascists set an ambush in the village. We spotted it in time and managed to escape. We didn't get any information.
The Fascists set an ambush in the village. We barely escaped.
They treat us like slaves.
The Fascists are looking for partisans.
Fascists have shut down almost every school in the district. The ones remaining are teaching just four classes—as much as the Russian people need to know, according to their "new masters".
The Fascists are fixing an old fortress that used to be a prison long ago. People are saying they are forcing the prisoners of war to do this—building their own future holding cells.
The Fascists are conducting public executions, using every excuse imaginable. Every day someone gets killed.
Fetisov
Nikolay Alexandrovich Fetisov
Fetisov, Nikolay Alexandrovich. Age: 24. Born in Leningrad into a worker's family. Decathlete. Student of Lesgaft University of Sport and Health. Joined the army under the Komsomol draft call in the first week of war. He was a sergeant in Captain Zorin's company.
Fetisov managed to hurt his hand while fixing the roof. It'll show him to watch where the hammer falls.
Fetisov shoots everyone within range of the ability cone. Requires an SMG.
Fomin
German flashlight
German film camera. Manufactured by Voigtlander since 1936.
Voigtlander camera
A picture of Fetisov's fiancée. The words "I'll wait for you. Nastya" are written in neat handwriting on the back.
Photograph
Photograph: "PzKpfw IV"
Photograph: "Soviet Partisan Unit"
