Biermeier would take a bread crust from a baby!
Biermeier organized the harvesting real good.
Melee I
Melee II
Melee III
Shit, this is scary.
God of War
Combat mission
Brest: Combat Report
Combat missions and tasks
SS troops are highly dangerous: they are skilled and ideologically stalwart fighters. May carry heavy machine guns.
Wehrmacht soldiers have the most modern equipment and considerable combat experience. Highly dangerous. Machine gunners and snipers are especially deadly.
Hospital
The Big Bertha
A tragedy on the front lines: Kiev, the capital of Soviet Ukraine, is captured by the Fascists.
Cannot be used anymore.
The Bolsheviks shut down all churches. Not even God can protect us now.
Meat
It's a bomb!
Cover bonus
Accuracy bonus
The borsht tastes like it does back home.
My brother is a partisan, too.
Cover me!
I got shot, brothers!
You shouldn't take what doesn't belong to you.
Log
The fall of Moscow is just another German lie. Our capital is still fighting tooth and nail!
A British Lewis light machine gun, converted to 7.62 caliber. Although crude compared to more modern weapons, it is still effective. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A British Lewis light machine gun, converted to 7.62 caliber. Although crude compared to more modern weapons, it is still effective. This is a medium-quality weapon.
A British Lewis light machine gun, converted to 7.62 caliber. Although crude compared to more modern weapons, it is still effective. This is a high-quality weapon. 
German shaving kit
Incoming!
They left a full load of ammunition. The unused rounds will hit their targets.
Stone throwing
Knife throwing I
Knife throwing II
Knife throwing III
Let's hope the pilot will escape capture and make his way to friendly positions.
This will be hard
Living under occupation
The regimental Commissar Efim Moiseevich Fomin was stunned and partially buried under the debris after the Germans blew up one of the barrack rooms. The enemies pulled him from under the rubble and took him prisoner; he was immediately identified by a traitor and then shot against the fortress wall. Efim Fomin faced his death with courage and dignity.
Careful: mines!
The mayor is holding a town council meeting at the community center to discuss punitive operations and the ongoing battle against the partisans. Well, we've got something to say about that, don't we?
Bottle
If you place a bottle on the ground, the enemy will come to check its contents. 
Bottles dropped by this partisan will render any enemy who smells them unconscious for 90 seconds.
The former accountant Sidorov is now a Polizei. He sells the expropriated food under the counter. Let's pay him a midnight visit and ask him to share some food.
The former town economist Petrov enrolled in the Polizei forces. He's harassing a girl named Avdotya. We must protect her.
I'd show them what for if I were a little younger!
quick load
Quick save
Quicksave
QuickSave 1<cf>{time}
QuickSave 2<cf>{time}
QuickSave 3<cf>{time}
Fast-handed
Quick saves
E
FIGHT!
REMEMBER THIS WHEN FIGHTING A TANK:
NO INFORMATION AVAILABLE YET
TO CAMP
The partisan detachments of the Leningrad region are conducting high-intensity combat operations, ruthlessly punishing Hitler's invaders. During the second half of August in Luga and Luga district alone, the partisans eliminated at least 800 Fascist soldiers and officers; disabled 14 tanks, 7 armored cars, 17 cannons, and 22 machine guns; destroyed 47 trucks and 62 motorcycles; burned 18 fuel trucks; and captured a lot of ammunition, combat and engineering equipment, and supplies.
AVAILABLE
NEW FIGHTERS WANT TO JOIN OUR SQUAD
WINDOWED
WINDOWED FULLSCREEN
Kerosene stoves, both domestic and imported, were widely used in Russia and the Soviet Union.
When fighting an enemy who's armed with a bayonet, wait for an opening. Your first move is to deflect the enemy's blow; then you grab your enemy's weapon; and lastly you deliver a swift cutting strike.
My stomach is growling.
I'm parched.
This mode uses a flexible difficulty setting that you can adjust using modifiers.
The Fascists have arrested the partisans in Zaborovka village. They are due to be executed publicly to instill fear among the villagers and strip the resistance movement of support. The mission is to travel to Zaborovka and prevent the execution. The village is swarming with German troops; the operation isn't going to be easy.
In the village of Kolomenetz, Germans locked an old man named Antip Uvarov and five children in a barn. After holding them there for a few days with no food or water, the Fascist fiends burned their captives alive.
A member of the underground was executed today in the neighboring village, along with his wife and three children. It's a shame we only learned about this after the fact.
They stripped us of everything!
The Germans are storing their spoils of war in a locked church in Pokrovskoe. Vasily Gavrilovich heard there was a stolen red banner there, either a division or an army one. It's our duty as soldiers to get it back.
You can find containers in unexpected forms and in unexpected places. For example, collect the contents of the nearest pile of stones.
What is your relationship with the Fräulein?
There's a lot of hares in the kolkhoz fields. We can go hunting! However, we don't want to attract unwanted attention with gunfire.
At the end of October, a reconnaissance detachment from Poleyko's group, including Antonina Petrova, was operating near Mschinskaja station. The Fascists soon discovered this, and on November 4, 1841, they sent death squads to surround the camp, 10km northwest from the village Mschinskaja (in the Luga district). The camp housed 11 partisans, and during the brief firefight, all were killed. However, Petrova managed to reach the machine gun emplacement and eliminate several of the Fascist soldiers. The Germans rushed her when she ran out of ammunition, but using a hand grenade she was able to take out several more enemies, sacrificing herself in the process.
There was a riot at the POW camp. They suppressed it.
I wish they'd let us go to the woods! It’s full of game, mushrooms, and berries.
There should be a stash left behind by a retreating army in the forest, in square 15. Let's find it.
There's a pre-war stash in the woods, in square 25. Let's find it.
We found a starving orphan in the woods. Let's feed her and take her somewhere safe in the village.
Lingonberries are ripe! We could gather some berries and store them for winter.
They're good in any dish.
There's a mechanic at the crossroads where they repair light military vehicles and trucks. A tank got dropped off there yesterday. We ought to destroy it before they can get it running again.
This is where injuries can be treated.
In early October, the combined effort of the partisan units dealt a serious blow to the Germans. This is how it went down: Using a carefully designed plan, several separate detachments carried out diversionary attacks against German supply lines and garrisons. German HQ was forced to send out additional forces from the village of N.; only a handful of soldiers remained to guard the warehouses and the repair shop, where tanks and armored vehicles were being serviced. After that the main partisan force attacked the village. They eliminated 41 enemy soldiers and officers, sabotaged 17 tanks and 45 cars and trucks, and burned warehouses full of ammunition, fuel and military equipment. As the infuriated enemy staged a massive reprisal operation, the partisans lured enemy forces into a swampland, blocked off the roads and caught the enemy in a hail of machine gun and submachine gun fire.
SS troops have arrived in this region for reorganization. They're our most dangerous and fanatical enemies.
One August day the Fascists and their local henchmen—the mayor, his secretary and the chief of police—raped and brutally murdered a young schoolteacher named Anna Lyutova. By then their town already had an active youth underground movement led by Slava Shmuglevsky. "Death to the traitors" was the communal decision. Slava took it upon himself to carry out the verdict, assisted by brothers Misha and Zhenya Telenchenko. The team already had a machine gun, found earlier on a battlefield and then stashed in a safe place.
The Fascists, responding to our earlier actions, are conducting a punitive strike in a nearby village. We can head there and stop them.
The Fascists, responding to our earlier actions, are conducting a manhunt in a nearby village. We can head there and stop them.
The Fascists, responding to our earlier actions, are conducting an intimidation operation in a nearby village. We can head there and stop them.
In the first several months, the Soviet forces suffered devastating losses fighting against the battle hardened and ruthless enemy. The Red Army was forced to retreat.
In one of the battles between the 14th and 18th of June 1941, V.P. Kislyakov, platoon sergeant in a decontamination company, took upon himself the duties of the platoon leader (after the former was killed) and led a successful assault on a nameless hill near the estuary of Zapadnaya Litsa River in the Murmansk region. During the following defense of the hill, the platoon's ammunition ran out; Sergeant Kislyakov ordered his men to pull back while he remained to cover their retreat using a machine gun, captured enemy weaponry and then hand grenades. Fighting an uneven battle against a hundred of Hitler's soldiers, the sergeant created an illusion of a whole platoon dug in upon the hill; he held his position for several hours until relieved by friendly reinforcements.
My pantries are clean as a whistle.
A curfew is now in place in the district. It is strictly forbidden to be outside after dark.
There is a sawmill in the region operated by the Germans to supply their front lines. The Fascists force the local population to work there, along with prisoners of war. Both the sawmill and logging areas are heavily guarded, leaving no chance of escape. We have to liberate the prisoners and destroy the equipment.
