And we have a new soldier in our unit. This is Grigory Morozov.
Next, the whole of Bertha's engine crew must be eliminated.
The station is big. You'd need a whole division to capture it... And that means: three partisans!
Sunshine is no weather for business.
Whoever comes to us with a sword will perish by the sword.
We have to take those risks.
Who's next?
Silence can take us a long way.
No one else will do it.
Does anybody else live in this house?
Somebody, help me!
Somebody's coming.
What next?
What to do with the body?
Wherever you're told.
Where do I hide?
Where's the wound?
Where?
Are we all set, Kulagin?
Do you need a hand, Kulagin?
Where are we at with the explosives, Kulagin?
Ahem.
Ahem... People say the Germans are already moving in on Leningrad.
Enough talking, though, this place is dangerous. Let's go. We can do the introductions on the way home.
My palms are sweaty.
The medicine hasn't kicked in yet, but he’s going to be all right. You have no idea how tough he is. A real Lesgaft man.
Lights out for this one.
One of the partisans looks familiar... I've seen him somewhere.
I would hate to lose my eye.
As long as we've enough bullets.
That was a clever trick to lure him out. Are you one of us?
And Bob's your uncle.
I can see no boats around here. And I wouldn't want to swim across the river. That's a sure way to catch pneumonia.
You don't say. I'd rather stay out of his sight.
I'd rather die than live under the Fascists.
Better ideas aren’t always the best.
I like being the center of attention... but this is too much.
I love going out after dark.
We're low in numbers. The enemy is on the alert. We'll have to lay low for a couple of days.
The people think the enemy's too strong. That is one illusion we're going to shatter.
Ugh... Bastard!
Holy hell...
Hm?
I didn't pack enough shells.
Not only are the Polizei on the rampage, but they're also bullying people to join them!
Maria Filippovna! Can I have a key to the back entrance, please? It's important!
I'm all out of bullets.
Every dog has its day.
You need to learn some discipline.
Well, this is one tough stronghold. The battles here were harsh.
Get a medic there, quick!
Mellenberg
Less talk, more work.
They found me!
This won't stop me.
You can try, but you can't kill me.
A dead commander is of no use to anyone.
The area's a swamp. And it's been raining hard. If you’re going to get to the forest, the causeway is your only chance.
Locals have stashed the poison for us in a hive at the apiary.
Townsfolk
This is a good place, but it'll need a lot of work.
Engineer
I've been dreaming of winning the USSR championship, but we'll have to win this war first.
A mine!
A drink would make me feel better.
I wish I had a sniper rifle!
It doesn't really hurt.
I can't do this!
I need some papers from the local communication facility. Can you get them?
I thought you weren't impressed with my decision.
I have a standing order to supervise the local partisan detachments and help them liaise with Moscow.
I have to get on the road already!
Many of the survivors went underground and began avenging the deaths of their friends and families.
Many people suffer even worse.
Multisport competitions.
I could tickle them with my blade.
They might not even make it to the woods. Besides, winter is drawing in and their warm clothes and provisions have all been taken by the Germans.
My patience is running thin.
He might see us.
They may well be, but I haven't seen it yet.
Could be hiding something there.
A brief stop-over on their way to the front? Or they were on the same train as Bertha?
Shouldn’t we hold off for a day or two, wait for things to settle down? They're going to be out for blood in numbers.
We could try and circle around...
Perhaps, something went wrong. Wars are known for it.
You can probably do it yourselves.
You can stay home to peel the potatoes for tomorrow.
You can sneak past where there's no way through. What do you say? Are you coming with us? You're not too scared?
We could just drink to that, but I've a better idea.
You could say that, yes. My father was with the First Cavalry during the Civil War.
Can we go now? We don't want to get shot with the kid with us.
Quit bugging me.
My family was to go to the Urals as well.
My parents were scheduled for evacuation to the Urals along with the employees of the factory.
He'll be alright. But we shouldn't let him play the hero unless it’s absolutely necessary.
Silence also wins wars. But that's not all...
May I ask you a personal question, Morozov?
I'm watching you, Morozov.
The bridge is guarded. Perhaps we should find another way.
They're guarding both ends of the bridge. Looks like they’re taking the threat of sabotage seriously.
The bridge has been destroyed. We need to find a shallow place to cross.
They spared my house. I'm in good standing with the Polizei.
