Makeshift mine
Kitchen
I'm hungry.
LEGEND
PERSONAL
LMB - start action (set up actions in tactical pause)
LMB+Shift - set up a sequence of actions
Kerosene lamp
Lamp that works on kerosene. They're used everywhere.
Legendary
Logging site
Sawmill
Sawmill 
Healing
Treatment
Recovering from injuries received during missions.
Healing complete
Treat
False partisan
Liar!
The lying German leaflets are down! They won't mislead people any longer.
Rain, fog, snowfall
Kill the propagandist
Eliminate mayor
Eliminate all village heads
Kill the officer
Eliminate the village head
We replaced the propagandists' leaflets with our own. The townsfolk now know that the partisans are close by.
I just hope they won't start shooting.
I just hope my kids will be okay.
Dodger I
Dodger II
Down!
Reduce Max Range
A shovel is a great tool for close combat. It can protect you against your enemy's blows; it can deflect bayonet attacks; and its sharp edges make it a serious cutting weapon. A shovel is especially valuable during melee in tight spaces.
Losinoe lake
I'd rather stay inside.
Every enemy in the game has a cone of vision. Move your cursor to an enemy and press RMB to see it. Keep out of the cone and don't be caught!
No matter what
Leave them folks be!
M30 Luftwaffe
OUT OF BULLETS
MG – 34
MEDICAL DUGOUT
MENU
MONTH
MISSION
MISSION COMPLETED
MISSION FAILED
MODIFIERS
SQUAD MORALE
MP – 40
Max distance
Max. distance
Maximum morale
Vastly increases the amount of HP recovered when using medkits.
Greatly increased speed of killing any enemy while in stealth. Greatly increased chance of winning melee fights.
Vastly increased chance to hit using rifles.
Vastly increased chance to hit using SMGs.
Vastly increased chance to hit using pistols.
Vastly increased chance to hit using heavy machine guns and stationary weapons.
Vastly increased chance to hit using shotguns.
Maximum character defense bonus while sprinting.
Maximum chance to hit during ambush mode [Y].
A squad can have 1-4 partisans based on the selected mission.
Max Damage
Mom tells me to stay home, but I want to go out.
Mom is always crying. I feel sorry for her.
Mom says granny will never come back.
Mommy is at work. It's scary to be alone.
Mommy, I'm scared.
Mommy!
Oh dear!
They killed my mom and dad.
Disguise
I'm out of slugs.
Workshop  
Workshop 
Workshop
Mauser 98K
Mauser K96
Medic
Medicine
Medical Tent
Medical bag
Medical splint
Medical resources
Medicine:
Rumor has it that Mellenberg was in a burning tank.
Mill
Fewer warehouse points.
Camp menu
A Polizei beat me up.
The locals appreciate your help. The sick people are getting better.
The villagers appreciate your help. They have enough to eat now and won't starve to death.
The locals appreciate your help so much they consider establishing their own partisan unit.
The locals appreciate your help. Firewood for their hearths will keep them warm.
The locals don't trust your words. It seems they consider the tales of your feats to be considerably embellished.
The Spanish troops quartered in the village aren't anything like the Germans. They're fond of drinking and gambling. We should mess with their hooch: Some peaceful casualties will come in handy.
Word on the street is that a Soviet airstrike destroyed a convoy of trucks in the middle of the night. While the Fascists are busy dealing with the consequences, we have a chance to attack and capture the cargo.
Local rumors
The local Polizei freeloader Yegor is having a huge wedding celebration. We must pay him a visit.
