Este tempo está ficando desesperador.
Mate aqueles malditos!
Mate eles!
Mate os fascistas!
Belozerova... Parece familiar.
Ao cortar uma árvore, você está matando um ser vivo!
Biermeier
Biermeier disse algo sobre um canhão chamado "Schlanke Bertha"
Biermeier é história. Isso não vai impedir aqueles bastardos ou seu reinado de terror, mas pelo menos vingamos os cidadãos.
De para. Comer!
Diga isso aos partisans. Eles são a razão de toda essa segurança extra.
A mula nasceu para ser chicoteada.
Nosso camarada está ferido!
A batalha acabou.
Dói como a própria vida.
A dor endurece o espírito.
Espero que doa!
A maioria morreu durante o ataque aéreo, mas alguns conseguiram sair da estação.
Uma grande recompensa é bom!
A propaganda acabou.
Mas, tirando isso, nenhum estranho. Ninguém.
Seus dias de matança acabaram.
Eu juro, não serei capturado de novo.
Sanek, as fortalezas são construídas com pedras simples. Todos os dias você aprende algo novo. Estudaremos o assunto das pontes mais tarde.
Eu fiz as bombas. Certifique-se de configurá-las corretamente, depois sente-se e curta os fogos de artifício.
Eu me preocupo muito. Meu Nastya está preso em Leningrado. O trabalho me permite manter os pensamentos ruins à distância.
Lamento que não tenhamos outra opção a não ser ceder a eles. Do contrário, os partisans perderão a confiança das pessoas para sempre.
Ele disse que não queria me perder! Mas eu disse a ele algumas coisas que eu lamento ... Eu disse a ele que ele não me mandava e coisas assim.
It's so c-c-cold! I hope the Germans will freeze.
Bravo, Captain Zorin. You fought bravely. It is an honor to battle an opponent like yourself.
Let's keep it up!
We can kill officers, burn down stores, recruit. We can get people to fight!
We'll have 'em.
You're being evicted. Pack your things, lady.
It feels like I'm back with my recon platoon.
The snakes are moving in!
I once visited the Ural mountains. Beautiful landscape.
I've had worse.
There was one girl right there. She always was in a good mood always laughed. I thought I could take a chance and escape, but no such luck. That's when the Junkers came in.
That’s nonsense! I bet that’s just a rumor spread by the Germans!
That's a tall tale. Not sure I believe it!
At the Alma-Ata medical school.
In Belarus! How can you be so ignorant? Even I know where it is.
You're clearly ready to sacrifice yourselves, even though it wasn't your smartest move back there in Volkovo.
Volkovo is crawling with Germans, and what’s worse is that darn Gestapo officer Zobel is with them!
To think, it's the same miserable weather in Leningrad now!
The barns are empty. People are going to starve come winter!
Attack!
Partisanen come to village.
Direct hit!
I spent my childhood in Novosibirsk. Then my dad got transferred to Moscow, and I moved with him.
Without honor, we might as well be dead.
In the end, if Karl can't get you to talk, perhaps, this blond Fräulein can?
When I was young, the church bells rang on holy days. I haven't heard them for ages.
On a sunny day, even war feels a little easier.
We had a huge fight the last time I saw him. He wanted me to return to Moscow.
I was last year's gold champion of the local Workers' Olympics.
Healthcare is so poor in this area.
Check his boots.
Sappers are shoveling a nearby field. They must have dragged it in.
The local hospital treats wounded partisans. That's all I know.
The dark makes us harder to spot.
Give me a break! The shooting range? And your mother didn't mind? A gun is not a toy.
Was into long-distance hiking. And he enrolled at university because his future in-laws wanted him to have a degree.
Take cover!
Find cover! Now!
What do you need?
That's the cell I was locked in.
My buddy Pete used to live in this house. He was my classmate.
Valentina
Kill the suckers!
Valya, did you join the army under the Komsomol draft, too?
You can't go to the village. I have no idea what the village head told the officer, but he brought an army with him!
You have to lie down. It's the only way you’ll recover.
Ivan
Vasiliy Gavrilovich
Vasily Gavrilovich, you're from Ukraine, aren't you?
Vasily Gavrilovich, finally! Do you have any news? Oh, who's that with you?
Waffen hinlegen!
Your unit is the most experienced, the most skilled and the most determined.
Your comrade's hurt. Stay with him, and we'll deal with the traitor.
Was he your comrade? I'm sorry.
Bite the dust, Fritz!
Them's the breaks.
What if they got into trouble and someone got hurt? And I'm sitting here, doing nothing!
What if he's in trouble and needs help? What if he was hurt by some animal or captured by the Germans?
We'll never forget it!
As I live and breathe!
I'm making you clean all the guns when we get back.
I'll get back with a key.
They'll be back. Got lost in their own backyard, I betcha.
So raise the scarlet standard high, beneath its shade we'll live and die...
One bridge out of action delays troops and equipment.
If the Germans raise the alarm, our mission will have failed. Which means that gun won’t be destroyed.
I saw one of those Berthas at Novogeorgievsk. Some firepower, I can tell you. This must be some more mobile sister.
I've seen them cornering those partisans.
You saw their chief?
Have you seen any strangers today?
Video
Obviously, the Commandant wants to put an end to the resistance once and for all.
