Cross of St. George IV class. Awarded for distinction in combat during the Great War.
Heroes Never Die
Heroic Defense
Shells
It's important to pick the right side.
Main Headquarters
The main HQ building. Partisan operations are planned here.
I don't want to see any of it ever again.
Silencer
Stay alert!
I hear, even Trofim joined the partisans.
I hear the Fascists burned down the village where my family lived.
Locals say a German convoy was bombed recently. It seems that the long arms of the Red Army reach German logistics far behind the enemy lines.
The word on the street is that there are partisans in the woods.
People say that no one has yet returned after being arrested and taken to prison.
Hunger
A hungry fighter is a poor fighter. Keep track of your food supplies, if you don't want your unit to starve to death.
I need a drink.
Town
Town ruins
Ruined Town
We chose a good spot and remained unseen and unheard. We brought in a lot of meat.
Grenade
Grenade F1
Grenades deal area damage and allow you to neutralize groups of enemies at once.
It's a grenade!
Incoming! 
A grenade assembled in the field. It's not as destructive, but you can put it together with whatever materials you have at hand.
Handcrafted explosive. Does less damage, but can easily be made with the resources on hand.
Grenadier
Grenadier I
The mushroom season is nearly over. You might pick a handful in the birch grove.
The mushroom season is over. You might be able to find some more in the woods.
Grigory
Trofim Matveyevich Grigoriev
Grigoryev, Trofim Matveevich. Age: 65. Local. Veteran of the Great War. Experienced hunter. A loner, offish and harsh in character. Not fond of the Soviet government. Following the Fascists' arrival, fled to a partisan hideout in the woods and began hunting down the Germans on his own.
I'll kill the commander and get rich.
Truck Convoy
Group combat
Group of enemies
It's dirty work.
Harmonica
A harmonica made by M. Hohner.
NEXT
DATE OF BIRTH
DAY
MISSION DAY!
JOURNAL
Add to the squad
DELIVERED TO BASE
TOTAL
DP – 27
Yes
There's no one here.
Meh, let them die on their own.
Oh, not again!
What's wrong with them?
Are the bastards enchanted?
What's pulling the bastards here?
This is... a grenade?
Let me heal you.
Allows you to cure and preserve food obtained during your missions and base activities.
Even a simple stone can be used as a tool to fight the enemy. Throwing it makes a noise that can draw enemy attention.
No further going
This key is blocked.
This key is in use: {KeyName}. Are you sure you want to rebind it?
Stealth moving
Sprint moving
Camera movement
Camera movement up
Camera movement left
Camera movement down
Camera movement right
Camera movement by mouse 
Camera movement  left
The old man wanted to live. He'll help the Red Army by delivering information.
Actions in the region
They acted in a boyish fashion, simple and direct. Their mother left to see their relatives that day, to return the following morning. The brothers used this opportunity: They set up a machine gun on their balcony and waited for the renegades to come by. Their calculations were correct: As soon as the traitors appeared, Slava began shooting—almost point blank. However, one of them, the mayor, managed to escape. Intimidated by the sound of the machine gun, he telephoned HQ in Orsha and said the village was under attack by the partisans. Several cars of enemies arrived. Their hound dogs quickly located the weapon: Misha and Zhenya had found no better hiding place for the machine gun than the attic of their own house. The boys were brutally tortured, but they didn't give up either Slava Shmuglevsky, or any other members of the underground. The brothers Telenchenko were executed in October.
Action!
Demo mission
Day
Fake Partisan Villages
Skill tree
Children are starving.
Kid's crayon drawing 
A kid's crayon drawing of a happy family: mommy, daddy, and two little girls.
Not a toy for kids!
Saboteur
Wild field
Dynamite
Effective Range
Ability distance
Dystrophy
Long burst 
Long burst I
Long burst II
Smooth and uninterrupted railroad operation requires a lot of wood. We could make trouble by wrecking the lumber at the logging area.
For weighing items. Place the item you wish to weigh in one bowl, and place counterweights in the other. Once the two bowls are level, the combined weight of the counterweights tells you the weight of the item in question.
For a better view from the dugout.
You're people's heroes!
To highlight objects you can interact with, press the ALT button.
Press "I" to open your inventory and equip your knife into the upper weapon slot. Drag and drop the item to the right slot or double-click your LMB to equip.
