Graphics Quality
Ostrovnoe l.
Sosnovoe l. 
experience
default
deny
refuse
off
open
dismiss
partisan
passive template ON/OFF
restart mission
reload
pistols
SMG
highlight interactive objects
hints
custom
help
hand cut
Ok
failed
continuar
Bolshaya r.
screen resolution
wounded
control mode
image sharpness
shotguns
private
Monastyrskoe v. 
reset
Reset settings
smooth
medical sergeant
Camera rotation speed
Camera movement speed
change weapon
decreased
craft
save game
specialist 
expert medic
MMB+cursor - camera rotation
Bogachevo st.
sergeant-major
under construction
smoothing type
créditos
heavy machine guns
upgrade
use
h
spy
un.
encyclopedia
—  ESC
—  G
—  Q,E
—  Z,X,C
— Mouse wheel
—  LMB
—  LMB+Shift
—  RMB 
— RMB on enemy
is used to highlight new information in a category or a menu item.
Think about the children!
...Graduated from Saratov Armored School. Fought on the front lines since the first days of the war. In 1941, defended Naro-Fominsk as part of the 39th Separate Tank Regiment.
...Partisan units must be created in occupied territories. Raiding parties must be organized to harass the enemy forces everywhere. Bridges must be destroyed; phone and telegraph lines cut; warehouses and supply lines set on fire. The enemies and their cohorts must face unbearable conditions: They must be hunted and destroyed with every opportunity, their every action thwarted.
...A flanking armored carrier managed to hit Belyaev's car with three cannon rounds. The driver was instantly killed, while Belyaev, heavily wounded, lost consciousness. He was awoken by acrid smoke: His armored car was on fire. But his machine gun was still operational, and thus the hero, bleeding, continued his fight from the burning vehicle. His long bursts set fire to one enemy armored carrier and damaged another. Comrades rushed to Belyaev's car and carried him outside, burned and unconscious once again. The hero succumbed to his wounds without regaining consciousness a short while later. He sacrificed his life for the victory over the Fascists by the village Somry.
...Fuel was running out, all machine gun belts empty. First Lieutenant Ivan Ivanovich Ivanov headed to the airfield with his fighter wing. The first two planes landed, and Ivanov started descending as well, while keeping an eye on the skies above the airfield.
...For his valor, mettle and bravery in combat, he was awarded the Medal "For Courage."
...Ours is a righteous cause. The enemy shall be defeated. Victory will be ours!
...Not long ago, Fascists shot and killed three youths who were returning from the forest with firewood. An old farmer Fedulov and the villager Tikhonova begged the Germans to spare the children, but were themselves cruelly beaten and thrown into a cold shed with no clothes. In the evening, the drunken soldiers laid straw all around the shed and set fire to it. Meanwhile in the village, a Fascist officer named Ivanovka gathered all the local villagers and demanded that they provide Hitler's forces with 30 tons of potatoes, five cows and 20 sheep.
...Now that the attack on the Soviet Union has already been committed, the Soviet Government has ordered our troops to repulse the predatory assault and to drive German troops from the territory of our country.
...During the battle for the town of Dolitza near the Siverskyi Donets River, combat medical instructor V.O. Gnarovskaya carried 47 wounded soldiers and officers (and their weapons) to safety from the battlefield. She personally eliminated 28 German soldiers and officers. During the battle by the village of Ivanenkovo, two enemy Tiger tanks broke through the lines and headed toward the regimental HQ. In this critical moment, as the tanks were within 60-70 meters from the HQ, Gnarovskaya, having obtained a bundle of grenades, rose from the trench and rushed the approaching vehicle. She sacrificed herself, but disabled the enemy tank.
...This war has been forced upon us, not by the German people, not by German workers, peasants and intellectuals, whose sufferings we well understand, but by the clique of bloodthirsty Fascist rulers of Germany who have enslaved Frenchmen, Czechs, Poles, Serbians, Norwegians, Belgians, Danes, Dutchmen, Greeks and peoples of other nations...
Chinese
??? 
???? 
???? 
??? 
"The world looks to you with hope. You have the power to defeat the invading hordes of German bandits."
"Come to Germany and help with the housework". So that's what they call slavery now!
“Comrades of the Red Army and Red Navy! Commanders, officers, and partisans!"
"Schlanke Bertha"... Holy crap. I must report this immediately.
(hoots)
(screams)
(growls menacingly)
(whistles loudly)
(sneezes hard) I'm sorry.
(gasps)
(moans in pain)
(moans in despair)
(yelps in distress)
(spits)
(gives a warning whistle)
(sobs)
(growls)
(screams loudly)
(huffs)
