A gang of fake partisans are roaming around the area. They're pretending to fight the Germans, but they're really just robbing and terrorizing the locals. They've got three villages under their control. We need to find those bandits and finish them off.
New task 
There is no partisan camp in Operations Mode, and you can't find supplies for your base on missions. Once the mission is complete, all items collected during the mission are lost.
The Germans upped the security around the railways. They have cut down the trees and bushes: Now sneaking in will be much more difficult.
Granny Marpha is hiding a wounded Red Army soldier in the village. She needs meds and food.
Granny Uliana is hiding a party worker's family in the village. She needs meds and food.
We found a hare in one of the snares.
Local villagers have fallen ill, and there aren't any doctors left to help them. If we have enough supplies, we could reach out and help.
We could distribute some leaflets in the neighboring village. We must be careful not to get caught, though.
The village head is off in the neighboring village. The Polizei are away for military training. We must talk to the locals and dispel the rumor that the Red Army was defeated.
The village head is off in the neighboring village. The Polizei are away for military training. We must talk to the locals and dispel the rumor that Leningrad and Moscow were taken by the enemy.
There's an enemy garrison stationed in the neighboring village. It's a group of well-armed Wehrmacht soldiers. We must be careful.
There's an enemy garrison stationed in the neighboring village. It's a group of SS troops. We must carefully plan the operation.
There's an enemy garrison stationed in the neighboring village. It's small in numbers. We could catch them off guard.
There's an enemy garrison stationed in the neighboring village. The group composition remains unknown.
Fascists have taken away all of the villagers' food, and they're starving. If we have enough food to spare, we could help them out.
Agents of the underground in the nearby town require supplies. We could send some over with a messenger.
We heard grouse mating calls in the woods. We can go hunting! However, we don't want to attract unwanted attention with gunfire.
The nearby lake is rich in fish. We still have a chance to go fishing before frost.
The nearby lake is rich in fish. We can try luring a pike with live bait.
The nearby lake is rich in fish. We can use a loaf of bread for bait to catch bream and wild carp.
Another partisan group is being formed in the neighboring district. If we have enough supplies, we could reach out and help.
There is no end to the bickering among the Fascist "allies." Germans can't hide their disdain for the Romanians; they insult and abuse them. "Special orders for the German 11th Army" are a perfect example of this. The order states: "Lately there have been multiple complaints from the Romanian military authorities, that German soldiers are forcefully taking the cattle from the Romanian forces. There was a case where a German NCO took the cattle from a whole Romanian battalion. This led to multiple clashes between German soldiers and officers and their Romanian counterparts." The Germans are robbing Romanian detachments, taking their bread and their cattle. The Romanians often go hungry because of this. The order also mentions that "German soldiers and NCOs have repeatedly insulted the Romanian army. German soldiers and NCOs are continuously being rude toward Romanian officers."
Recently there was a fight in the fortified area where the Soviet defensive line had been. Locals say it was not an ordinary skirmish, but a furious battle, almost like during a Nazi attack. It might be fruitful to search the battlefield for weapons and other useful things.
Dive for cover! Now!
The thicket is too dense. We couldn't find the tank, but neither will the Germans.
The thicket is too dense. We couldn't find the stash.
Enemies are searching for you!
YOUR RESOURCE
RETURN ALL
BACKPACK
TAKE ALL
TAKE ALL (SPACEBAR)
TIME
SAVE TIME
YOU ARE ABOUT TO BEGIN A MISSION WITHOUT ANY EQUIPMENT!
CHOOSE AGENT
CHOOSE ACTION
GIVE RATION
PURCHASE
TREAT
COMPLETE
INCREASED
HIGH
Valentina learned about an outbreak of typhoid fever in the town we had visited on our previous mission. We'll have to destroy some of our food reserves.
Valentina slowly takes aim and kills an enemy with one precise headshot. Requires a rifle.
Kill him!
Get them!
Valya
You need to learn more skills
The jam is delicious.
You were found
You and Company Sergeant Fetisov have been marched to a nearby Dulag — a temporary POW camp. Here the commanding officers are separated from the foot soldiers, then packed into train carriages and shipped to concentration camps. You immediately start preparing a breakout, but the Germans discover your plans, despite all your precautions.
Vasily Gavrilovich says there are some new partisans in the area—at least that's what they call themselves, while they behave as common banditry. We should track them down and shed some light on their plans.
Vasily Gavrilovich tells us that there was an accident on a railroad crossing: A train crashed into a stalled car. We need to hurry if we want to see what the train was transporting.
Vasily Gavrilovich reports that a damaged tank was delivered to the repair shop at the crossroad. This is a good opportunity to take a field trip and destroy the armored vehicle before it's repaired and sent back to battle.
Your partisan can no longer be injured during combat.
Your partisan is dead
Your characters are in normal state.
Your characters are in a depression. Hit chance is decreased. Ability cooldowns are increased by 1.5 times.
Your character gained a new level and a skill point. You can spend it in your skill tree. Press "I" and choose the "Skills" tab.
Your characters are in a very bad mood. Hit chance is decreased. Ability cooldowns are increased by 2 times.
Your Answer
Your partisans are starving.
Your characters make noise when they're sprinting. Keep this in mind!
Suddenly an enemy bomber appeared on the horizon. The Fritz was heading directly to our airfield, clearly aiming to attack the planes that had just landed. Ivanov immediately took to the skies and, using the last drops of fuel and not even having a functioning machine gun, decided to ram the enemy. He hit it with the full weight of his own plane; the Fascist bomber exploded into pieces and, burning, fell to the ground.
Fan fire
Evasion roll II
Return to the fire
Back to menu
Do it later
Vertical synchronization
Beranger counter scales
Vechernyaya Moskva #154
Vechernyaya Moskva #155
Vechernyaya Moskva #206
Vechernyaya Moskva #213 pt. 1
Vechernyaya Moskva #213 pt. 2
Vechernyaya Moskva #224
Vechernyaya Moskva #236
Vechernyaya Moskva #254
Vechernyaya Moskva #270
Vechernyaya Moskva #270 pt. 1
Vechernyaya Moskva #270 pt. 2
Blow up the tank during the first mission
Explodes as soon as the countdown reaches zero. Can destroy vehicles. 
Explosive
Timed explosive charge
It's going to explode. Run!
A partisan? Blue in the face and with a rope around his neck?
I had a glimpse of Zobel's face. Man, he's scary!
I saw a boy near the camp.
I want some wine.
Wine would be awesome...
Guilty, not guilty, let God sort them out.
Mosin rifle
Rifles I
Rifles II
Rifles III
Pause or resume
On
Turn on passive mode
