It's as if the sky is crying.
Shot the bastard.
We're here! Pops is away hunting. He'll be back in a few days.
We're here. Let's look around and go over the plan once again.
It’s good to know they think we're dangerous.
We'll sneak through the backyards along the riverbank. There's a smaller bridge at the outskirts of the village.
I said, get lost!
Let's move on.
Damn it!
Damn it! I can see smoke ahead.
Damn! My German doesn’t stretch to drunken banter.
I'll tread softly.
We need to infiltrate the farmstead and kill the Commandant. That’ll throw a wrench in the Germans' plans.
I'm sorry. I had no idea. But Zorin and I haven't run, have we?
Excuse us, Commandant, we're in a bit of a hurry.
Sorry for showing up uninvited.
I'm sorry. I just have a bad feeling about this.
The enemy is gathering forces around the farmstead, where they've set up their headquarters. The punitive operation may begin at any moment.
The nearby radio station was targeted by the partisans last night.
Please! He has my baby! Why does she have to die because of you? Cowards!
Have mercy! I was only following Commandant's orders! Biermeier was in charge!
Bam! Right in the kisser!
In your face!
The splashing in the puddles tells me the rain won't be passing anytime soon.
Machine gun nest and field kitchen... War or no war, lunch should never be late!
The semaphore controls are in the signal box near the crossing. The Germans are guarding it though.
Let go of me!
Let the blood run free.
Let's see how well they see us at night!
Let them try. We'll deal with them in no time!
Get lost, beggar.
Nothing but dust and cobwebs.
There’s always plenty of work for everyone. Why the sudden burst of altruism?
Get to work!
Radioman
If we're involved in this operation, it's bound to succeed.
If there's a lock, there's a key!
Robbery. I thought so.
How does that fit with your "code"?
You seem to think that this is a democracy.
We'll find a way.
Just trying to warm up a little.
Different
Fair enough. We also have to damage the comms hub in case the Fascists try to call for reinforcements.
Too young, eh? Who helped you out of the camp? Who took you to the outpost?
The gallows weren't here before.
This is where kids used to play, and now the Fascists hone their killing skills here.
Tell me about yourself, commissar.
Child
It's pretty risky.
Rühr dich nicht.
Moscow? Why didn't you say something?
The brigade is finished.
May I borrow it for a while?
The enemy commanders are dead.
I wouldn't risk taking any bridges, either. We’d be sitting ducks and making our enemies' lives easier is the last thing that we want.
Since early July.
Our comrade's in trouble!
There's a high-ranking officer chaperoning them.
One roadblock down.
Happy to assist.
If we just kill them quietly and go, they won’t even think to phone their mothers.
That one's done for.
My mom and I saw dad off to war from this station.
You can chop it down yourself, you bastard!
I took one. My fault completely.
The sanitary conditions aren't great: the place could use some disinfectant. We’ll treat the linen with heat to get rid of the lice.
First thing Sanek did was take us to your cabin. We expected you yesterday. Sanek started to worry when you didn't show up.
Who do you wanna be when you grow up?
Sanek, do you know anyone in the village?
Why don't you go home, Sanek? Your parents are going to worry.
I'm free!
Comrades! I knew you'd come for us!
Bastard!
We're here for a reason.
Do it again, and I won't be able to restrain myself.
It's done.
Are you crazy? I'm not letting them anywhere near the truck.
The Fascists are executing partisans in Zaborovka today. We’re moving in to prevent the execution.
After the sun comes the storm.
Today we're going to Bogachevo station to kill Biermeier.
We can gear up today and head for the repair shop tomorrow.
Would sleep tonight if I were you.
I wanna go kick a ball around.
Oh for a nice long swim in a cold lake.
We're going to fix that.
You're gonna pay for everything!
Some officer arrived to interrogate them. They'll be hanged in the square tomorrow morning.
They're about to die! Follow me!
We're going to blow that bridge. We'll build a new one when we've beaten the enemy.
They're about to spot me!
Waiting for my second wind.
It'll kick in soon.
He's going to raise the alarm...
Let me help you.
Hold on! We'll help you.
I'm about to get caught...
The soldiers are busy collecting the remaining cargo. This is our chance to get busy collecting as well.
Get ready for the kaboom!
All that blasted grey.
That's a serious one.
You got some alcohol, nurse?
