A German hunting triple-barreled shotgun. It was adopted in 1941. It is a survival weapon of Luftwaffe pilots. This is a high-quality weapon.
A German hunting triple-barreled shotgun. It was adopted in 1941. It is a survival weapon of Luftwaffe pilots. This is a medium-quality weapon.
German woman
Give them an inch, and they'll take a yard.
We're going to make them sorry for coming here!
The Germans will get to them in no time.
The Germans refill coal cars at the next station. There's a water pump that draws water from a pond in a village two kilometers away. We could damage the pump. It isn't a big deal, but it will hurt the enemy.
The Germans refill coal cars at the next station. There's an old, decrepit water tower nearby. Let's destroy it.
The commandant's nickname is Iron Colonel.
The Germans are vicious.
It's the Germans' fault! Let them go looking.
The Germans are on edge. They're scared of their own shadows.
The Germans were pushing us harder each day. Finally I decided to join the partisans myself. As it turned out, there were very different people there. A lot of them are just simple men. There are good ones, there are weird ones, there are troublemakers...
The Germans are establishing a base of operations in town. Regular Wehrmacht units are being called back to defend against the partisans. It seems that we're not the only ones who are still fighting back.
The Germans are spreading rumors about the fall of Leningrad. Kulagin says they're just blowing smoke.
Germans are spreading rumors that their tanks have reached the outskirts of Moscow. We will continue fighting even if the capital falls. We've seen the Poles and the Frenchmen enter Moscow before; the Germans will have to leave just like they did. 
Prisoners, supervised by the Germans, are restoring the old narrow-gauge railway. We have a chance to take the enemy by surprise, disrupt their plans, and liberate the prisoners.
The Germans have gathered the locals and the prisoners to repair the railway lines.
The Germans were advancing rapidly. My husband was drafted early in the summer. My sister and I missed our chance to evacuate.
The Germans took everything.
Rumor has it, the Germans have approached Moscow.
Some quests require stealth
A quest requires stealth
Unusual containers
I don't want to get a bullet.
I'm losing my nerve.
Unbreakable Wall
Despite all the cruel torture, she refused to reveal any information about her unit and her mission; she even concealed her identity, claiming her name was Tanya. As a deterrence to others, the Fascists decided to hang Zoya in front of the whole village. The execution took place on the 29th of November, 1941. With the noose already over her neck, Zoya proclaimed to the enemy: "You hang me now, but I'm not alone. There are 200 million of us. You can't hang us all. They will avenge me." Zoya's body was desecrated by the Fascists and remained unburied for a long while.
No
No modifiers are enabled.
No date
No information about killed enemies.
No information about killed officers.
Unarmed!
No Steam connection or you have an unlicensed version of the product. The game will be closed.
There is no doubt that regimental political officer Fomin deserved the posthumous title of the Hero of the Soviet Union.
Must we spend the winter under the Fascists?
Is it going to be like this now?
Is it the partisans?
I don't know what they're barking about.
Low morale
 Low chance of success
They just won't leave us alone.
Nikitin
Dmitry Borisovich Nikitin
Nikitin, Dmitry Borisovich. Age: 35. Born in a military family in Sverdlovsk. NKVD military counterintelligence officer. Participated in the Sino-Soviet conflict over the Chinese Eastern Railway. During his time in the Far East picked up and later mastered oriental martial arts. Served as a Senior Battalion Commissar at the outbreak of the Great Patriotic War.
Nikitin kills several enemies within range. Requires a knife.
Whatever, we can live well under Germans, too.
Living under the Germans isn't so bad.
Do nothing
Didn't find anything. We need to look into herbal medicine.
It's alright. We can manage somehow.
But this was no time to celebrate victory. The commander realized that their coup would infuriate the enemy, and that the upcoming counter-partisan hunt would entail serious reprisals against the civilians. The fiercest battle was yet to be fought...
New milestone
Novo jogo
New save
Housewarming
News
Next day
Knife
Ribknife I
Ribknife II
Normal morale
Normal
Handkerchief
The nights are longer and colder with each day, while the local villagers are prohibited from even approaching the woods. Should we bring some firewood before they freeze to death?
Night
Night. Enemies see very poorly at night.
Nighttime: enemy vision is impaired
At night enemies can see much worse. Lesser enemy cone of vision shows area, where he can see targets with no light. Bigger enemy cone of vision show area, where he can see target under any source of light. 
Last night, on the stretch of road between Bogachevo station and the village of Stupino, Soviet planes bombed a convoy of trucks transporting supplies. While the enemies are gathering up the surviving cargo, you can move in and take it yourselves.
Our planes shot up a truck convoy on the road last night. They were probably carrying something valuable, like supplies or ammo for the garrison. Well, whatever it is, we can find a better use for it.
The Germans shot down a Soviet plane flying night reconnaissance. The pilot bailed out and landed somewhere in the forest. We can go look for him.
Sounds of battle came from the Soviet front line during the night. Some townsfolk wanted to get their hands on weapons and bumped into a Fascist patrol. We should take a look at the site.
Where are your guardians?
Who's the boss now?
When will daddy come back?
Screw this.
Come on, partisans, I dare you!
You’re done for!
Got to check!
NEED TO UNEQUIP
Immediately report all suspicious activity to your local authorities, military command or members of the Ordnungsdienst.
Eh, a corpse, Gotta search the pockets.
Hah! Gotcha!
SQUAD INVENTORY
SQUAD STASH
PRIMARY EVENTS
OSOAVIAKhIM—a paramilitary volunteer organization, dedicated to the preparation of the reserves for the armed forces. Up to 80% of the draftees of the Red Army had badges of the organization. More than 7.2 million OSOAVIAKhIM members joined the army, the militia and the partisans during the first months of war.
CONFIRM
CANCEL
SKILL POINTS:
Anesthetic
Painkillers
Painkillers and things for healing in battlefield. Restores partisan health.
Manhunt
Deception
Deceit
Defense of Steel
Processed wood.
Investigate the crash site
Tutorial battle mission
