Photograph: "The Crew at Muster"
Film
The Fascists are really annoyed. I shouldn't get in their way.
We're the same as lice to the Germans.
The Fascists steal everything they can get.
Ew, one of my blisters burst.
Biermeier is in charge of the foragers.
Whew, that was nothing.
Kharkiv, an important industrial center and railway hub, has fallen to the Germans after a month of intense battles. Most large factories were already evacuated, and the rest were destroyed, so they wouldn't fall into the enemy's hands.
Surgeon kit
Bread
Chloroform I
Chloroform II
There are rumors that Commandant Mellenberg is planning to implement even more brutal counter-partisan measures. What does that bastard have in mind?
Craft and Supply
Utility buildings that will help the partisans avoid starvation.
Household
It's getting cold.
Mining the roads can also give good results. Place mines at several different spots and camouflage them as best as you can, then hide so that you won't be harmed by the explosion yourself. Use every weapon in your arsenal to deal with whatever enemies remain after an encounter with your mines. Road mining is best performed during the night hours, just before dawn.
Skilled doctor
I'm glad my old man isn't alive to see this.
Glad it wasn't me.
Let everything be fine.
Whether she likes it or not, she will be mine.
God bless you.
Keep it out of reach of children.
Ugh, bloody partisans! I have to stick around because of them.
Bloody partisans.
Khutor 
I’ve been stuck here all day without any grub.
Mission goal
Personal mission goal
Side mission goal
The Center is planning an air strike on Krasnoselskaya station to destroy the cannon known as Slender Bertha. But first we must sneak into the station for a little sabotage.
Focus camera on partisan after loading
D-damn boots... I got blisters all over my feet!
Tea is good at quenching thirst—and generally good for your health.
1st-grade Indian tea
Payback Time
Some food has been spoiled as a result of the recent high humidity levels.
Wristwatch
What if the partisans attack?
They just won't let it go.
What else is there?
Delicious rations are better.
German trains carrying soldiers and vehicles are passing through Bogachevo. We should do something about it.
The regional commandant is driving through a communal farm that has been pillaged by the Germans. The Fritzes staying in the workers' homes are planning to give him a warm welcome, and we're gonna make sure it's his last.
The enemy will start receiving reinforcements after a certain period of time.
?raniocerebral injury
Cherniy woods 
It's empty. Crap!
I hate this runny nose.
Damned Polizei...
Clear blue sky
God damn!!! A corpse!
What's in this container?
I can't believe this is happening!
Another day, another misery.
What's going to happen to us?
What's that?
I hope that hurts!
I don't feel so good...
In order to figure out what the enemy is going to do next, we need to get some documents from the regional comm station. It's under heavy guard, so we need to make sure we're ready for this sortie.
Colonel Mellenberg has dispatched a death squad headed by SS executioners. He wants to punish the townsfolk for their underground activities. You've dealt with the executioners at the front. You know their ways. The townsfolk need your help.
Don't forget to use your character's skills to fulfill their potential.
The Commandant is launching a massive anti-partisan mission, which involves the SS death squad. The only way to disrupt their plans is to eliminate the enemy commanders.
No strangers in sight.
Critical damage chance
Critical chance
The Germans blame us for things we didn't even do!
PMZ sewing machine
The Polizei chief is a real psycho.
Splints can be made even with sticks and rope.
Encryption
They're sneaking around like rats.
Shock
Chocolate
Espionage
Syringe
Stick your bayonets into the ground! Fighting for Stalin, you're fighting for slavery, for the imprisonment of the peoples of the Union!" 
Noise in bushes
Sprint noise
Watch out! 
I'm falling asleep.
It's gonna blow!
Glass of vodka would be nice right now...
I wish I could feel a woman's touch right now.
I could go for some grits with bacon crisps.
It won't hurt.
EQUIPMENT
ENCYCLOPEDIA UPDATED
EFFECTS
Equipped
Equipment.
Item equipment
Expert partisan
"Eiserne Ration" emergency rations. One portion contains:
Grain Elevator
Encyclopedia
This door is locked! I need a key.
This is not going to hurt you.
What the hell's that?
