Heavy rains have turned the roads into mud. The Germans are stuck on their way to Moscow. It's time to push back!
Start
Start 
Begin work on assigned tasks
Restart
Begin mission
Start new day
They burned down our house.
Our man down.
Our army ran like hell.
Our fighter planes shot down an enemy aircraft. It landed in the woods over by the lake, where we hunt. If he was a scout, he was probably taking pictures. We're going to search the crash site and see what he got on film.
What the hell is wrong with them?
Our comrades should have returned from Volkovo a while ago. Something must have gone wrong. We must go there and find out what happened.
Soviet turncoats are worse than the Fascists.
We found some mushrooms.
They're going to kill me if I refuse to work.
Everything was fine before the partisans showed up.
Don't play dumb with me, captain.
Prevent the reinforcements from being called in
Don't let yourself be found
Don't let yourself be found!
Don't let the enemy reach the river
I never envisioned my life like this!
My life is so miserable...
We didn't fight for this.
Don't forget to distribute your partisans' skill points before sending them on a mission.
You can use tactical pause mode to weigh your decisions without undue haste.
Save your game often. Unless, of course, you chose the highest difficulty level: In that case there are no second chances.
I don't know how much longer I can stand.
Are you from Zorin's group?
Don't use the MG emplacement
I shouldn't have become a Polizei.
We shouldn't have given up.
Please, don't do it!
They'll cut our salaries if we fail to find the prisoners.
Hand drills don't need any electricity to function.
Don't raise the alarm!
I don't want to get shot.
How could this happen?
They aren't Polizei, but they're armed.
Nah, they aren't coming. They're scared.
Joining the Polizei was the right thing to do.
They could burn down the village.
I feel sorry for that family.
Nightmarishly difficult
Don't shoot!
Don't kill me!
They can't get away!
Not enough skill points
Not enough ammo
I wouldn't want to be in their shoes.
They don't respect me, so I have no problem scaring them.
They shouldn't have annoyed the Germans.
He doesn't move.
Small favor
They must be in the forest.
Impossible
Not a week goes by without an execution.
Week
Week: 
Stealth training I
Stealth training II
Stealth training III
Stealth training IV
Eliminate the enemies near the mill
Some items you find during your missions are necessary to completing your assigned tasks. They are marked with an exclamation point in the lower-left corner of the item icon.
Some of your partisans' abilities can be used at a distance. The ability icon shows the exact location where the ability will be used.
There was nothing he could do but share some food.
You cannot send less than {0} partisans to conduct this mission
You cannot delete quest item
German Pamphlet #1
German Pamphlet #2
German Pamphlet #3
German Pamphlet #4
A German bolt-action rifle. It was adopted in 1935. The Wehrmacht's main and most popular weapon. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A German bolt-action rifle. It was adopted in 1935. The Wehrmacht's main and most popular weapon. This is a medium-quality weapon.
A German bolt-action rifle. It was adopted in 1935. The Wehrmacht's main and most popular weapon. This is a high-quality weapon.
German typewriter "Olympia," named after the Berlin Summer Olympics of 1936.
German hand grenade
German anti-infantry grenade
German infantry mine for destroying enemy troops.
German infantry mine.
German propagandists put up leaflets. Shall we tear them down?
German soldiers! Everyone who willingly surrenders to the Red Army is guaranteed safety, comfort and care, as well as safe return to your homeland after the war.
German rifle ammo. Suitable for: Mauser 98K, MG – 34.
A German general-purpose machine gun. It was adopted in 1939. High firerate and a very large ammunition capacity, which leads to faster barrel wear. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A German general-purpose machine gun. It was adopted in 1939. High firerate and a very large ammunition capacity, which leads to faster barrel wear. This is a medium-quality weapon.
A German general-purpose machine gun. It was adopted in 1939. High firerate and a very large ammunition capacity, which leads to faster barrel wear. This is a high-quality weapon.
A German submachine gun, primarily intended for tankers, motorized infantry, paratroopers and infantry commanders. The main rapid-fire weapon of Wehrmacht soldiers. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A German submachine gun, primarily intended for tankers, motorized infantry, paratroopers and infantry commanders. The main rapid-fire weapon of Wehrmacht soldiers. This is a medium-quality weapon.
A German submachine gun, primarily intended for tankers, motorized infantry, paratroopers and infantry commanders. The main rapid-fire weapon of Wehrmacht soldiers. This is a high-quality weapon.
A German submachine gun, designed by E. Bergmann. The production license fell to Junker & Ruh A.G. in 1940. Due to its high reliability and accuracy, it is often used by Waffen-SS soldiers. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A German submachine gun, designed by E. Bergmann. The production license fell to Junker & Ruh A.G. in 1940. Due to its high reliability and accuracy, it is often used by Waffen-SS soldiers. This is a medium-quality weapon.
A German submachine gun, designed by E. Bergmann. The production license fell to Junker & Ruh A.G. in 1940. Due to its high reliability and accuracy, it is often used by Waffen-SS soldiers. This is a high-quality weapon.
A German semi-automatic pistol, developed in 1898 by G. Luger based on the design of the Borchardt pistol. The main advantage is the high accuracy of shooting, achieved through a convenient anatomical handle with a large angle of inclination and easy descent. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A German semi-automatic pistol, developed in 1898 by G. Luger based on the design of the Borchardt pistol. The main advantage is the high accuracy of shooting, achieved through a convenient anatomical handle with a large angle of inclination and easy descent. This is a medium-quality weapon.
A German semi-automatic pistol, developed in 1898 by G. Luger based on the design of the Borchardt pistol. The main advantage is the high accuracy of shooting, achieved through a convenient anatomical handle with a large angle of inclination and easy descent. This is a high-quality weapon.
German pistol ammo. Suitable for: MP – 35, MP – 40, Luger, Mauser K96.
A German semi-automatic pistol, tested in several wars and famed as a reliable and powerful weapon. This weapon looks worn from battle.
A German semi-automatic pistol, tested in several wars and famed as a reliable and powerful weapon. This is a medium-quality weapon.
A German semi-automatic pistol, tested in several wars and famed as a reliable and powerful weapon. This is a high-quality weapon.
German trophy chocolate.
