I buried my husband. I don't want to bury my sons, too.
Staroselskaya swamp
Village head
The village head of Zaborovka is one of the most zealous among the traitors. He works hard to identify the suspicious and the unreliable—especially among the people he has personal quarrels with.
The head of the neighboring village is celebrating his anniversary. It could be his last one. Let's pay him a visit.
Senior technician, Lieutenant Leonid Alexeevich Bykov from the village of Ostrova, in the Sebezh district of the Pskov region.
Sergeant suggests making leaflets detailing the basics of the partisan operations and spreading them among the locals. Sounds like a good idea!
The chief says they took Leningrad.
Stationary machine gun
Glass
Glass canteen
Glass canteens were popular in the Red Army before and during the early stages of the war. Soon, due to aluminum shortages and the blockade of Leningrad (where most aluminum canteens had been produced), glass became even more widespread.
There are too many orphans begging for food in villages.
There's so much death.
The guard Yefim has become a Polizei, and he's running amok. He's more than the villagers can handle! He abuses them and robs them blind. Let's knock him down a peg—or rather, just knock him off.
Strategist
It's damn scary!
I'm scared for my family.
Swiftness
Swiftness I
Swiftness II
Swiftness III
I have a weird feeling.
Kinda creepy.
Building resources
Building resources:
Construction
Construction complete
Slender Bertha
Studenovo
Dry herbs
We collected Avdotya's bread. It's the crispiest and most delicious bread we've ever had!
This is a good stash with a lot of useful items.
Lucky bullet
A lucky large coin with one edge hammered flat and sharpened. He uses it for pick-pocketing.
I'm full, I'm drunk, I don't have to work... just living my dream!
Here!
PARTISAN TACTICS
PARTISAN TACTICS. The main goal of the partisan activities is to eliminate the Fascists' troops and materiel. Success in this struggle depends on the following:
CURRENT SQUAD MORALE
INJURIES
ENEMY CORPSE
TT
Tobacco
Tobacco can block a dog's ability to smell for a short time. The Ministry of Health warns: Smoking kills!
Pills
This strategy gives the partisans enough time to unload the captured supplies from the truck or car. Loud gunfire, on the other hand, may attract the Fascists' attention—and they'll immediately send motorized troops to assist the assaulted convoy.
All right!
Wish I had some milk, but they took the cow.
Their so-called "procurement teams" are nothing but robbers who steal supplies from the locals and leave them to starve. I saw a convoy of their trucks on the way to the grain elevator. We need to stop them.
This is outrageous.
That'll teach them.
These items are not stored in the backpack; they are used automatically.
Tactical Pause
Tactical mode
Tactical mode slows time and allows you to coordinate everything your characters do. To activate or deactivate tactical mode, press the SPACEBAR.
I hear gunshots!
We blew up the tank. The Germans can't have it now. We also found some useful items for ourselves.
Tanker
Tarasov
Bloody hell!
Text
Text 
Agent got experience:
Now the main thing is not to step on our own.
We'll live a European life!
I can never wash this off my soul.
The freshly created partisan division had to set up a proper base and find more volunteers to join a losing battle against the invaders. Creating an effective fighting unit was the first order of business.
Now you have a squad of partisans under your control. To select every partisan, press [F1]. To select certain partisans, press numbers [1] to [3].
Now Yegor has a better job to do: deliver useful information to the partisans.
Now we have fresh chicken meat.
Point capture
Capture position
Silent step
Silent move I
Silent move II
I want to live!
I hope we can dodge it...
I hope there won't be gunfire.
Pencil sharpener
We can do this
Decreased hit chance. Increased weapon reload time.
Internal organs injury
Injury is not active until the end of the mission
Injuries
Injuries and states
SMG required.
Rifle required.
Knife required.
Pistol required.
Shotgun required.
Need:
Alerts and Alarms, pt. 1
Alerts and Alarms, pt. 2
Alarm!
Our three people were already bumped off.
Hamstring
Three khutors
Trophies
Trofim
According to Trofim, the Fascists send the PoWs to work at the local sawmill. The treatment is terrible. Trofim suggests we go there, help them escape, and stop lumber production along the way.
Hunting in the dark, Trofim stumbled upon the lair of a bear. He managed to get away, but not without some injuries.
