Partisans are vicious!
Partisans here are ruthless. Crazy beasts!
If the partisans kill a single German, the rest of them could burn down the whole village.
Partisans! Shoot them!  
Partisans! Shoot them! 
Partisans! You're our only hope!
Partisans! Oh dear! You've come for help!
Partisans? Phew!
It's cloudy, but there's no precipitation
Ammo and reloading
Pause between shots increased. Movement speed reduced. Stamina reduced. Stealth killing is impossible; must melee instead. 
Beat it, kid.
First aid
First aid I
First aid II
First aid III
My first encounter with the partisans wasn't particularly joyful. They came in the middle of the night and, having found nothing else of value, took my wedding dress. "I'll give that to my Marusja, that'll cheer her up," said one of the bandits.
The first military semi-automatic pistol, adopted in 1934. The TT pistol has simple construction and low production cost, and it's easy to maintain. Its powerful cartridge provides an unusually high penetrating power, but has a reduced stopping effect. This weapon looks worn from battle.
The first military semi-automatic pistol, adopted in 1934. The TT pistol has simple construction and low production cost, and it's easy to maintain. Its powerful cartridge provides an unusually high penetrating power, but has a reduced stopping effect. This is a medium-quality weapon.
The first military semi-automatic pistol, adopted in 1934. The TT pistol has simple construction and low production cost, and it's easy to maintain. Its powerful cartridge provides an unusually high penetrating power, but has a reduced stopping effect. This is a high-quality weapon.
Eliminate the attackers
Get to the other bank
We recommend mastering the game's core mechanics before playing this mode.
Hand over
To hand over
Moving through bushes creates noise that can cause nearby enemies to become suspicious. If your plan was to remain undetected, wait for their suspicion level to decrease before carrying on.
Partisan makes much less noise while moving.
Partisan makes less noise while moving.
To reload weapon
Weapon reloading
Reloading!
Evasion roll I
Roll call
Switch weapons to firearms at the beginning of the battle
Move everything to the storage
Jumping over fences
Transit camp
Your characters can sustain a variety of different injuries, which can have various effects on gameplay. Characters can also be placed into different states. Your partisan Fetisov is in a "Stabilized" state and not able to act.
We don't sing songs any more.
Typewriter
Luger
Pistols I
Pistols II
Pistols III
SMG I
SMG II
SMG III
I haven't received a single letter from my husband since August.
Food:
Operation plan
Artillery plotter
Unlike the kolkhoz administration, the Germans paid on time and liked to point that out. The bread they paid us with, however, often contained sawdust.
They're hunting for partisans in villages.
Several kilometers away from here, a small truck convoy is moving down the road. The composition and the escort remain unidentified.
Several kilometers away from here, a small truck convoy escorted by an armored vehicle is moving down the road. This dangerous mission requires thorough planning.
Several kilometers away from here, a small truck convoy escorted by a motorcade is moving down the road. We should carefully plan an ambush.
Several kilometers away from here, a small truck convoy is moving down the road. We could set up an ambush.
I'm under fire!
Wolves have been howling near the camp at night. We should scare them away before they get too bold.
On Biermeier's orders, Fascist looters (the so-called "procurement teams") are plundering villages. Right now, they're raiding the grain elevator where the entire kolkhoz's harvest is stored. Unless you defend the goods, when the winter comes, the townsfolk will starve. The mission is to eliminate the brigands at the elevator.
There's a cart heading down the forest road. It carries food gathered by the villagers for the commandant. It's not well-guarded, so... should we try to capture it?
There are five manhunts a week! I'm sick to death of it.
The Commandant has ordered villagers from the occupied areas to harvest whatever crops are still left in the fields. Most of the harvest is then sent to the front; the rest is distributed among the local garrisons. The mission is to infiltrate the storage depot and poison the supplies ready for shipment.
Villagers have reported seeing Germans near the mill. This is strange, because usually the Polizei take charge of grain delivery and flour collection. The miller lives there with his daughter. We have to visit the mill and see if they need assistance.
Breakout
A winner takes it all.
We need more of your kind!
Action in battle I
Turn the camera
Damage second gun on the platform
Damage first gun on the platform
Damage the communication facility switchboard
Damage the head rigs
Internal organs injury: Decreased hit chance.
Kidney damage
Killed agents
Let's see what they've got here.
Talk to Trofim
weather
Jumping in front of bullets is stupid.
Suppress fire I
Suppress fire II
Prepare for the attack
Take up defensive positions
Prepare for the arrival of the enemies and eliminate them all.
Agents preparation
Reinforcements incoming!
Reinforcements
We set fire to the construction site. Every little bit helps.
If we blow up the bridge, we can temporarily stop enemy echelons from advancing and delay the arrival of reinforcements, vehicles, and resources. On the front lines, this kind of delay could mean the difference between victory and defeat. Let's help our guys out!
The group of agents appreciate your help. They can fight the enemy now!
Saboteurs discovered that the Nazis were taking trophies to the village of Monastyrskoe and storing them in the church. The brigade banner, which was taken from Fetisov when his company was captured, may be among them. Despite the risk, he wants to enter the building and try to find this banner. It's a matter of honor to take it back.
Object highlight
They blew up a tank, so what? No big deal. It's not a bridge, after all.
I could use a smoke.
The Train Won't Go Any Farther
We burned down the lumber. Every little bit helps.
Allows you to inspire your partisans, increasing their hit chance, firerate and stamina.
Negates injuries until the end of the mission, helping the wounded ignore the pain.
Allows your characters to halt their injuries and ignore their pain until the end of the mission.
Capable of bringing a bucket of water to a boil in 20 minutes... if only you could find some electricity in the woods.
Allows you to ignore effects from light and medium injuries till the end of the mission.
