Trofim found a cache with some supplies and canned food, seemingly left here by someone from the local population. Should we take the food, or should we make do without it?
Trofim returns from the forest with the news: The Fascists are forcing the prisoners of war to work on their lumber mills. That's slavery!
Trofim shoots with buckshot, dealing damage to everyone in range of the ability cone. Requires a shotgun.
Serves them right!
Samovar from Tula
The Mutt's dead.
It's a dead body!
mission failure reason
This is dangerous.
I hate this place. I wanna live in the forest, too!
You're Gonna Go Far, Kid
Thousands of Soviet soldiers were surrounded, trapped in salients. One of them was a commanding officer of a rifle company, Captain Zorin. During an attempt to break out of the encirclement, he was taken prisoner and shipped to the nearest Dulag (Durchgangslager — German concentration camp).
Phew, it's water.
Difficult
Heavy weapon I
Heavy weapon II
Heavy weapon III
Life under the Fascists is hard...
Biermeier's got a hot girlfriend.
Biermeier's suit is falling apart!
Mellenberg's got a scarred mug.
You have unsaved changes. Do you want to apply them?
You have no fighters left.
Your characters have very high morale. Hit chance is increased. Character can sprint longer. Ability cooldowns are decreased by 1.5 times.
Your characters have very high morale. Hit chance is greatly increased. Character can sprint longer. Ability cooldowns are decreased by 2 times.
Uncle Fedor has a potato patch by the hill. He once hid from the Soviet rule; now he's waiting the Fascists out. Let's ask him to share some food. 
The captain had to make a choice: attempt to cross the front line to rejoin his comrades, or remain behind the German lines and organize a partisan group. The dire situation in the occupied areas lead Zorin to stay.
Commandant Mellenberg's got some taste. He set up his HQ in an old royal manor home.
I have a toothache.
I don't have the item I need.
The Polizei chief makes my skin crawl.
Here is the courpse! Alarm!
They don't have the guts to attack.
Different weapons are effective at different ranges. To reach maximum efficiency you may need to get closer to your enemy and use cover to decrease the chance of being hit during combat.
My neighbor's kid went missing.
The Fascists are shaking in their boots when they hear about partisans.
TO REMOVE FROM THE SQUAD
DELETE
ENEMIES KILLED
SUCCESS!
REMOVE:
We persuaded Petrov that there are other ways to earn a woman's affection. And that he should deliver information to the partisans, too.
I'm getting killed!
Stealth killing
Kill 100 enemies
Kill 2 enemies during a single use of Fan fire skill
Kill the two Polizeis
Kill 3 enemies using environmetal objects
Kill 3 enemies during a single use of Long burst skill
Kill 3 enemies during a single use of Buckshot skill
Kill 3 enemies with one hand grenade
Kill 3 enemies with one landmine
Kill 4 enemies during a single use of Fan fire skill
Kill N enemies with grenades
Kill N enemies with mines and tripwires
Kill N enemies with skills
Kill N enemies with environmental objects
Stab Biermeier in the back without raising an alarm
Kill all enemies
Kill every enemy during the Zaborovka mission
Kill all Nazi officers on the map
Kill the scumbags!
Kill the punisher commander
Eliminate the commandant 
Kill SS commander with a knife
Kill the head of the camp
Kill Nazi officers while they're fishing
Remove from the squad
"Long burst" radius and distance is increased.
Increased ability distance and decreased ability cooldown. Increased number of ability uses during mission.
Increased ability radius and decreased ability cooldown.
Increased ability damage and decreased ability cooldown.
Increased backpack I
Increased backpack II
Increased backpack III
Increases character defense bonus while in cover.
Increases grenade throwing range. Decreases time before explosion.
Increased throwing distance and decreased ability cooldown.
Increases experience gained by 10%.
Increases experience gained by 25%.
Increases experience gained by 40%.
Increases amount of HP recovery while using medkits.
Increases the daily limit for missions. Your partisans will be better informed about the events in the area.
Increased number of knives that can be thrown at an enemy. Greatly decreased ability cooldown.
Increases backpack slots.
Increased ability radius and decreased cooldown.
Increases clip size to 12
Increases clip size to 20
Increases clip size to 40
Increases clip size to 97
Increased carrying bodies speed.
Increases damage by 20%
Increases something.
Increases critical damage chance by 10%
Increases hit chance by 10%
Increases hit chance by 8%
Increased chance to hit using rifles.
Increased chance to hit using SMGs.
Increased chance to hit using pistols.
Increased chance to hit using heavy machine guns and stationary weapons.
Increased chance to hit using shotguns.
Increases character defense bonus while sprinting.
