Chief told me Gavrilych didn't like the Reds much.
An old fox knows the traps.
An old horse knows when to jump.
The old dog bites hard!
Old wood is the best to burn.
Chapter 167.
Is revenge worth behaving as badly as your enemy? And it’d drive the Germans wild. Do you want them to punish the locals?
Stop! There's a present for us here.
Stop! There are mines!
Freeze! It's a landmine.
Isn't it strange that the Fascists haven't robbed this place?
I'm scared.
This is kinda scary.
Can't shoot anymore!
The enemy is nowhere in sight.
Counting to three. One.
I'd love to have a machine gun company here instead.
I’d like to see the staff officers live like this for a week.
The Germans are coming this way!
Why is Pops staring at me like an angry owl, Semyon?
So Sanek isn't related to you?
The war's going to end by the time you grow up!
Keep up the good work, comrades!
Let's do it.
The replacement part hasn’t come in yet! Can't do anything without it!
He once got arrested by the NKVD for not wanting to join the kolkhoz.
So are we just gonna sit around?
I don’t wanna kick the bucket yet.
Maybe, that's the reason why I'm still alive.
Doing favors for you is one thing... And for a cute nurse, well, you know...
They came at night, didn't they?
I reckon you're going to need it.
You have my word!
Yes, Commander! Thank you, Commander! I won't let you down!
Count me in. I can't pass up the chance to snatch such a big prize!
Affirmative, Nurse! Are you staying, Commissar?
That's right.
What are we waiting for then?
Just shut up and keep your eyes peeled!
So, you're the Commander Zorin who has caused us so much trouble.
Oh, it's Kulagin, a former stock manager at the kolkhoz warehouse.
Isn't that good news! Our example has inspired someone else somewhere to fight back!
You know what folks say?
Just as I expected.
Now, where were we?
Enough. You can ask questions later. They're wounded, they need to rest.
That's better.
So, Muscle Man, you just compete? That's it?
A victory worth celebrating in style.
Argh! I can see the Fascists!
The Germans raid three or four times a week, but to no avail.
The road ahead is full of mines too, but some of them have already gone off.
The townsfolk miscounted and didn't give him enough potatoes. He felt insulted and sent in the troops.
Tanks aren't afraid of dirt.
Let's take her to the shed!
Holy...
The survivors were left without shelter. We can't just let him go!
You and the Sergeant, stay inside. I'll go and say hi.
You dreamt it.
How old are you? Fourteen? You're too young for that stuff.
What if someone sees the body?
So damn dark.
Darkness is our best friend.
Gonna have me a pretty scar.
Will this heal?
There's no way we can get anywhere near now.
Now we must poison the provisions.
He must be obsessed with revenge now.
Now he's dead, and it’s time for our reward.
Won't harm anyone now.
This mine will serve the right cause now.
Don't say things like that, Vasily Gavrilovich!
Quiet!
Shush!
Shush! Let the Commander speak.
Too much haste makes too much waste.
Keep it down, you! If they hear us, we'll be out searching for those mines ourselves!
Tread lightly.
What you're saying is you don't have anybody else. Alright. We'll wait for Bertha to roll in and then take care of the necessaries.
What did you call me? Think I’m a snitch? You think I risked my life just to find out where the base is?
Comrade Captain! Morozov and Sanek are tossing coins!
Comrade Commander, we expected Pops back from hunting this morning, and he didn't show up.
Comrade Commissar, permission to speak. I have a request.
So, welcome to our group. Our base could certainly use a woman's touch.
In that case I have no worries for Moscow.
Good. Let's drop by him tomorrow night.
If that were case, they'd have stuck close to the cannon at the station instead of driving around in armored vehicles.
Watch your step near the fence. Two people tripped landmines there yesterday.
Then the Fascists called in for an air strike and razed it to the ground, fully aware that it wasn't evacuated!
In that case, I must relinquish command. You're the superior officer.
You're better with a knife, that's why, and the tallest walls won't hold you.
Without a guide, we can get lost in the woods. You have to come with us.
I hope it's not for us.
I hope they won't notice us.
The camp looks a bit barren, though. Could use some work.
Bombing cities and killing civilians—that's all you're capable of!
But how else am I going to fight the Fascist criminals?
Don't act suspicious. You need to maintain your cover for now.
Please, don't die!
Don't die on me!
We'll just take a peek in the box.
The old one's barely healed!
