You have limited space in your inventory. To make room, select an item with your mouse, then drag-and-drop it to another partisan's character portrait to give it to them. Or, you can click the RMB, select "Hand over," and choose the partisan you want to give the item to.
Crash Site
Injuries can be treated here.
A place for your partisans to gather and discuss important topics.
Natrium metamizole
Mine
Mines deal area damage, but it's difficult to place them effectively.
A mine assembled in the field. It's not as destructive, but you can put it together with whatever materials you have at hand.
Bomberman
Mines and Tripwires
Mines and tripwire explosives are a good way to get rid of patrols and large enemy formations. Performs best when placed in narrow passages.
Mikhailovo
I need to see a doctor.
The officer boots are fine, I guess.
A dog with a good nose could come in handy.
I want candy... even just a little bit.
Can't talk to strangers.
I'm scared!
Multiple additional quests present
Many base resources
Modifiers
Modified slide
Reinforcements can be called in
We might make it
Could come in handy
I might get lucky if I flee into the woods.
Partisans still might save us.
A clear conscience isn't my thing, obviously.
Can be brewed instead of tea leaves.
Can I shoot?
Can only be used on those who are "Near death." Will revive your character.
It's okay to relax now.
May I join you?
While my rookie husband falls back, I'm the one carrying the flag here!
My home is my temple.
My dad is a hero. He's going to save us all.
Bam, you're dead.
Well done!
Well done, partisans! You killed the bastard, too.
So you're silent?
Morale
Morale increased:
Squad morale
Squad  morale
Squad morale will increase
Squad morale will decrease
Morale decreased:
Morozov
Grigory Stepanovich Morozov 
Morozov, Grigory Stepanovich. Age: 33. Grew up in a troubled family in Mogilev, Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. Career criminal and alcoholic with multiple convictions. Lives by the criminal code. Was serving time in a local prison when the war broke out. Assigned to a defensive construction crew; escaped during a German air strike.
Morozov was absent all night. He showed up in the morning with a deep cut and a bag full of supplies.
Bridge
The motorcyclist will drive into the wire and lose balance. When he falls, you can either kill him or take him prisoner.
Finish them off!
My husband's in the army now, running away.
My husband is at war.
We can relax now.
Valentina Alievna Mukhambetova
Mukhambetova, Valentina Alievna. Age: 21. Born to a Kazakh father and a Russian mother in Leninsky village, Kazakh Autonomous Socialist Soviet Republic. A member of Komsomol. Former student of pediatrics in Alma-Ata medical college. Went off to war together with her fellow students and was assigned to a medical battalion as a nurse.
Follow us on:
We let everyone down.
We took the food. We needed it to fight, and the owner of the stash may well have been long dead.
We captured a Polizei, but couldn't get any information from him. He seems to be scared of someone else more than us.
We managed to build a makeshift grenade from whatever was available.
We managed to build a makeshift landmine from whatever was available.
Wishlist us now on Steam!
We recommend you complete the tutorial before starting the operations. Are you sure you want to select this game mode?
We found the pilot and took him to Vasily Gavrilovich's friends.
We decided not to help the refugees with their camp: We needed our strength for combat.
We've done nothing to you!
We were searching a fortified area defended by our troops when the Germans suddenly showed up. Looks like somebody spotted us and reported back to the garrison. We need to get out of here before more of them come after us.
We explained the basics of the partisan operations to the locals.
We told the locals of our successes in the fight against the occupants. Let them know we're not wasting food and supplies on nothing.
You cooked delicious rations.
We put together a medical bag with everything the wounded would need.
The mice have been at the food.
Kasli brand cast-iron meat grinders were famous not only at home, but in many countries abroad.
Honey
ON ACTIVITY
TO MISSION
SKILL WILL BE AVAILABLE LATER
ABILITIES
SKILLS
REWARD
BACK
RETURN
TO FEED PARTISAN
TO FEED EVERYONE
CONFIGURAÇÕES
NATIONALITY
NOT ENOUGH WAREHOUSE POINTS!
NOT ENOUGH SKILL POINTS
NEUTRAL
HAND OVER BLOCKED
NO AVAILABLE MODIFIERS
NO RESOURCES
LOW
GET TO THE STORAGE
To Berlin!
The partisans can be assigned various tasks around the camp. For example, to build a medical tent, you'd need to assign a partisan to construct it.
Cranberries are ripe! We could gather some berries and store them for winter.
A ?lose ?all
