Key to the east entrance
Main entrance key
Backyard door key
Gavrilovitch's house key
Key to the back entrance
Key to the west entrance
Hospital key
Security room key
Shed key
Safe key
School safe key
NP safe key
Storage key
Elevator key
This is the right key. The door is open.
Keys
Inner rooms key
Emergency exit key
I swear to never let my weapon lie until the last Fascist is banished from our lands. Reprisals for cruelty, violence and killing must be conducted ruthlessly and relentlessly.  It is nobler to die in pitched battle with the enemy than see your whole nation enslaved by the Fascists! An eye for an eye! A life for a life!
Villagers failed to pay Biermeier food taxes, and he burned down the village. It was the last straw! We're going to Bogachevo station tonight to kill the leech!
When is this going to end?
When will our troops return?
When will my shift end?
Your character starts using stealth movement if you are close to an enemy. 
When will I see my family? Will I ever see them again?
Molotov cocktail
The number of available skill points is drastically reduced.
Partisans not engaged in any activity.
A collection of useful (and not-so-useful) items.
Collective farm
?ollective farm  *Bolshevik*
?ollective farm  "KRASNOE POLE"
Commander
Commander Zorin
A field wristwatch. Her father's graduation gift.
Commanders and soldiers of the Red Army! This bloodshed, called upon you by the Jews and their accomplices, the Commissars and the political officers, will be your UTTER DESTRUCTION.
Mosquito bite 
Commandant
Commandant Biermeier is head of the "procurement team" based at Bogachevo station. The team plunders neighboring villages and sends its spoils back to Germany to supply front-line units as well as local garrisons. We need to infiltrate the station and eliminate Biermeier.
The commandant increased taxes even more.
The camp commandant is shitting bricks.
The commandant put a price on the partisan commander's head.
The commandant has imposed a food tax on the locals. Now they have to surrender most of their provisions to the Germans.
The Commandant has dispatched a death squad to the town, with SS butchers in command. This summer you had a chance to learn firsthand the brutality they are capable of. A hospital known for helping the Red Army and the local populace during the bombings is located in the vicinity; it needs your protection.
The commandant of the transit camp uses prisoners to train his war dogs. Too bad we didn't have a chance to get rid of him during the escape... Well, there'll be another opportunity.
The commandant ordered the harvest to be gathered.
The commandant is a cruel man. No wonder! Just look at his face.
The commandant has increased patrolling. We should reduce their numbers. We could set up an ambush and eliminate several Polizei.
The commandant has increased patrolling. We should reduce their numbers. We could set up an ambush and eliminate several SS troops. They're well-equipped. We must prepare ourselves.
The commandant has increased patrolling. We should reduce their numbers. We could set up an ambush and eliminate several Fascists. They're well-armed. We must be careful.
Commandant's office
Commissar Nikitin has returned. He never said where and why he had gone. Let's wait and see.
Commissar Nikitin spoke about a big operation to mark the anniversary of the Great October Revolution. He needs intelligence data from the local comms station to plan partisan operations.
Commissar Nikitin spoke about a large-scale operation to mark the anniversary of the Great October Revolution. He needs intelligence data from the local comms station to plan partisan operations.
Commissar Nikitin reports that Captain Zorin, Fetisov, and Belozerova were captured. Zobel is transporting the lot to prison. The criminal Morozov, who served time in this prison before the war, has agreed to join Nikitin to rescue their comrades.
Commissar Nikitin told us he'd be away for some time.
Commandos
Components
One man falls at war, another fills his pocket.
If it isn't the apocalypse...
Container is robbed!
Enemy cone
These ice skates can be worn with normal shoes and even snow boots.
"Snegurochka" ice skates   
Smoke Room
Smokehouse
Campfire
My bones ache.
My cat ran away too.
Nightmare
Stealing items from locals will decrease squad morale!
I have my eye on a hot bimbo.
The Red Army let us down.
Can help with a headache.
Red Regiment Banner 
The Red partisans will bring death for your families and devastation to your country.
Trophy hut
Tough as Nails
The villagers had no means to comply, because the Germans had taken all their cattle and their provisions. Soon a Fascist death squad arrived in the village. The Germans corralled all the people at the central square and shot every fifth villager, including women and children. Then, after setting fire to the village from every side, the Fascists took the survivors to a concentration camp.
Farmer Nikifor packed a couple of pigs and left for his cabin to hide from the Germans. He got stuck in a swamp on the way there. We should help him.
There's so much blood!
Haemostatic powder
Goddamned bloodsuckers! They're taking what little we have left.
Some locations may be equipped with sirens: If activated, a siren will raise an alarm in a large area.
The Crimea is completely under Fascist control. Or so the Fascists think: The peninsula is a perfect environment for partisan activities.
Who is your contact?
Those who permit the brigands to act, are no better than brigands themselves!
Who threw this?
No one has yet returned after being arrested and taken to prison.
Who's there? 
Who's so cheeky?
They think they got themselves a full pardon?
Where are all the pretty gals?
Alexander Ivanovich Kuzmin  
Kuzmin, Alexander Ivanovich. Age: 14. Local. Before the war, studied at school. Member of the Pioneer organization. Lost both parents to the Fascists. He lives in the forest with Trofim and dreams about avenging his family.
Kulagin
Kulagin has heard from his acquaintances that every person in town is forced to work for the occupants. Any kinds of sabotage lead to immediate execution. The people are fleeing; the town's population has shrunk considerably.
A Little Culture
Smoking is very bad for your health. Don't smoke.
I want a smoke.
Henhouse
Makeshift grenade
