Open the camp menu
Great button
Great place for a tripwire.
To cancel action
Reset the partisans' current task.
Show FPS count
Show hit chance in percents
Avenge us!
GO TO ACTIVITY
Send out the train with the Germans
Poison the provisions heading out to the front lines during the farm mission
Poison food rations
Repel all attacks
Repel enemy attacks without using mines or tripwires
A partisan group in the neighboring area is in a dangerous situation. Several members are severely wounded. They ask you to share some supplies.
Officer 
Officer  
Gestapo officer 
SD officer 
Officers can make a roll call and raise the alarm if one of the soldiers is not on his watch.
No enemy officers found
For God's sake!
Ugh!
This can't be good.
Ugh! My back!
Where does this end?
Hunting
Hunter
Hunting Tower
The guards are watching.
The guards missed it! Why is it our problem?
The guards missed it! Why does it have to be our problem?
We killed the guards and set the prisoners free.
Very easy
Very low morale
Warning: high danger!
Very tasty.
Greatly increased chance to hit during ambush mode [Y].
Very hard
Skill points
PARTISANS
FIRST STRIKE
CHANGE INVENTORY VIEW
TO START UPGRADE PUT WEAPON IN WEAPON TABLE SLOT
IT'S TOO FAR AWAY
CHARACTER IS BUSY
RMB - cancel action (cancel entire sequence of actions in tactical pause)
RMB on enemy - see visibility cone
FALLEN FIGHTERS
ACTS OF VALOR
DETAIL
HINTS
VALIDATE
LEAVE MISSION
FULLSCREEN
PPS
PPSh – 41
INCOME
FOOD INCOME PER DAY
CONTINUAR
ORIGIN
ACCIDENT
SKIP ALL (SPACEBAR)
EMPTY
Pavel
Perhaps shooting someone could cheer me up?
Cigarettes
Partisan
Partisan throws a knife and silently kills an enemy. Thrown knife can be picked up and used again.
Nikitin takes an enemy as a body shield and can no longer receive damage. Requires a loaded pistol.
They're going to execute partisans.
The partisans are nowhere to be seen.
I can’t see any partisans. They must be lying low.
They're nowhere to be seen. They must be hiding.
Partisan draws attention from enemies, preventing them from attacking allies.
Partisan will begin the mission!
Allows the partisan to deal with medium difficulty missions on the global map.
Allows the partisan to deal with easy difficulty missions on the global map.
Allows the partisan to deal with very hard difficulty missions on the global map.
Allows the partisan to deal with hard difficulty missions on the global map.
Partisan whistles, drawing enemy attention.
Partisan's camp
Partisan School
Partisan detachments are harassing the combined German-Finnish forces occupying several regions of the Karelo-Finnish Republic. The Fascist command sent numerous soldiers to deal with the partisans, reinforced security units guarding the roads, bridges and warehouses, and still the fearless partisans are managing to find weak points and deal heavy blows to the enemy. A small Finnish garrison had set up in the village K. A partisan unit commanded by Comrade L. surrounded the village under the cover of darkness and ambushed the Finns. The partisans killed 20 enemy soldiers, destroyed a warehouse full of supplies and captured two machine guns and several dozen rifles.
A partisan unit organized by the prisoners we freed at the lumber mill successfully blew up the officer's Kübelwagen. Here's to a good start!
Partisan Chest
I hear the partisan commander's name is Zorin. It derives from "the dawn," the morning star.
Partisans 1941
The partisan group appreciates your help. They were able to heal their comrades' wounds, and now they can get back out there and keep fighting.
The Partisans are getting too cocky!
In the meantime, the partisan group was preparing their next operation: a series of railroad sabotages. Collapsed bridges and derailed trains carrying men and supplies would significantly disrupt the enemy's ability to fight a war.
Partisans are going to avenge us.
Character is busy. Saving is not possible.
Partisans don't waste any time, do they?
The partisans attack the Fascists where they least expect it. In the afternoon hours of the 29th of August, a squad led by a former land planner W. eliminated 30 German motorcyclists at the motorway near Toroshkovichi. Partisans had set up an ambush at the clearing by the road. When Germans approached, the partisans let loose several pigs and hens in the clearing; the soldiers, leaving their motorcycles behind, immediately went to chase their prey. Partisans fired several volleys and then rushed the Fascists, killing everyone.
The partisans take no prisoners.
The partisans were exceptionally happy to receive extra supplies.
Partisans will begin their mission! Are you sure?
Partisans don't spare Polizei lives.
The partisans are here!
The partisans won't care why I joined the Polizei.
All they can do is hide away in the woods!
