For Mother Russia!
He supported the partisans, so it’s the death penalty for him.
For the comrades!
Slay the beast!
The bastard's dead!
I have failed my duty!
I'll drop you!
A bitter chill puts hairs on your chest!
The door's locked.
Female hostage
You're in my face!
He noticed me! What am I gonna do?
They've seen us!
Any strangers you see, report to the nearest Polizei immediately.
It's locked.
Damn!
The bushes on the other side should give us a good view.
Can't shoot for shit like this!
Sweet dreams.
Enemy detected.
After that we infiltrate the warehouse and poison the supplies.
After that we'll need to get inside the enemy facility.
Once everything is done, we'll send a message to our comrades from the local comms station.
They captured the stronghold and moved on. Never cared to repair anything. Zobel's been here for no longer than a fortnight.
Yea, that got me.
Clipped me!
I wanted to see what I could steal from the Fascists. The locals are poor as church mice. The local commander, on the contrary, is as fat as a pig.
Not a beast to be seen.
The enemy is close.
The enemy is near.
Surrounded by Red Army soldiers and law enforcement officials.
This is old Maria's house! She could let us in. I'll see if she can give me a spare key.
Our division's soldiers made their last stand here...
Right here.
Wow, that was loud! But I still don't get it. Why did we have to blow up the tank?
Great thinking! They'll fall for that!
Cool, eh? Built especially for our battalion.
That's one tough bastard.
Good day to you.
I know the kind of question you ask, Inquisitor Comrade.
What's the difference between a paratrooper and a sapper?
That'll teach 'em.
You have no idea how many times I've heard this! You'll change your tune soon enough.
The Division banner and other assets captured from the Red Army are inside the church.
So you're a thief, eh?
It means, they're moving her to Leningrad!
So Moscow assigned you here to organize the partisan movement, Commissar?
So it's personal then. We're on a mission to kill Biermeier. You know, ‘fat cheeks’? Do you want to join?
So it's time to start looking.
So the rumors were true...
So this is how the noble Aryan soldier wins? By blackmailing your opponent with a child's life?
Which means better chances for us.
I know your type!
I know it hurts. Just hang tight.
I know. That's why I have this note for you. Captain, will you please read it to the troops?
I'm not so sure. I divorced my husband because of his views. He also wanted me to be a "woman of the house".
No surprise. Your reputation precedes you.
Zobel
No sight of Zobel. He must be on the other bank.
Zorin
Your silence serves no purpose. We have plenty of time. I will get my answers.
I don't know if the priest was executed,
Responsibility is my second name! Let me know if you need anything. I'll get it for you in no time.
I've got a score to settle with the Fascists! Comrade Commander, please, let me join you!
Nothing gets past me!
Our luck will finally change one day.
I want to check out that officer, too.
It wasn't too scary.
And stop crowding him!
It doesn't hurt at all... ouch!
We can't stand up for ourselves. The only folks left are old men, women and fatherless kids.
One tank might be nothing, but that explosion is going to save a few dozen comrades' lives on the battlefield.
It is nobler to die in pitched battle with the enemy than see your whole nation enslaved by the Fascists!
And a whole group on the other road. They'll be here in a few minutes.
What's so valuable about it? Pure gold tassels or something?
She died a week later from a heart attack.
So, what are your intentions? Fight the Germans?
And you're a captain. Already had a chance to prove yourself?
Is that it?
Then, last but not least, we have to evacuate before all hell breaks loose.
And there's one thing I can tell you for sure.
So you had the time for the silent treatment, but now it's our arses on the line, and suddenly there's a rush?
We can't fight without firing a shot. Let's take some weapons from the Fascists.
Come with me. We'll save as many lives as we can along the way.
Go bother the Fascists.
You join the Polizei, and you're set!
Go and find someone to arrest.
We can't enter through the gates. The yard's too open, we'll be sitting ducks there.
They're coming!
They're coming! Get ready!
From Mogilev.
Sverdlovsk.
You’d make a great conspirator. Wait here.
Two captured soldiers. They escaped from the camp.
In this group? No one deserves a second look. I could fall for the captain if it weren't for his borsht thing.
What's that? A partisan? No. I'm a lone wolf, I love my independence.
The breech blocks went flying. Then the remaining ammo detonated.
From around Kalinin, halfway between Moscow and Leningrad.
Or grabbed so much loot that they've a hard time hauling it all back home!
Or the girl from the village. What do you say, Captain?
They don't need a reason.
Your instincts were right, Captain. The SS squads were supposed to head the hunt for the partisans.
