Kill 3 enemies with one hand grenade
Kill 3 enemies with one landmine
Kill 4 enemies during a single use of Fan fire skill
Kill N enemies with grenades
Kill N enemies with mines and tripwires
Kill N enemies with skills
Kill N enemies with environmental objects
Stab Biermeier in the back without raising an alarm
Kill all enemies
Kill every enemy during the Zaborovka mission
Kill all Nazi officers on the map
Kill the scumbags!
Kill the punisher commander
Eliminate the commandant 
Kill SS commander with a knife
Kill the head of the camp
Kill Nazi officers while they're fishing
Remove from the squad
"Long burst" radius and distance is increased.
Increased ability distance and decreased ability cooldown. Increased number of ability uses during mission.
Increased ability radius and decreased ability cooldown.
Increased ability damage and decreased ability cooldown.
Increased backpack I
Increased backpack II
Increased backpack III
Increases character defense bonus while in cover.
Increases grenade throwing range. Decreases time before explosion.
Increased throwing distance and decreased ability cooldown.
Increases experience gained by 10%.
Increases experience gained by 25%.
Increases experience gained by 40%.
Increases amount of HP recovery while using medkits.
Increases the daily limit for missions. Your partisans will be better informed about the events in the area.
Increased number of knives that can be thrown at an enemy. Greatly decreased ability cooldown.
Increases backpack slots.
Increased ability radius and decreased cooldown.
Increases clip size to 12
Increases clip size to 20
Increases clip size to 40
Increases clip size to 97
Increased carrying bodies speed.
Increases damage by 20%
Increases something.
Increases critical damage chance by 10%
Increases hit chance by 10%
Increases hit chance by 8%
Increased chance to hit using rifles.
Increased chance to hit using SMGs.
Increased chance to hit using pistols.
Increased chance to hit using heavy machine guns and stationary weapons.
Increased chance to hit using shotguns.
Increases character defense bonus while sprinting.
Increased ability distance and decreased cooldown. Increased number of ability uses during mission.
Increased number of ability uses during mission.
Increased chance to hit during ambush mode [Y].
Ugryumoye swamp
Destroy item
Good luck to you!
Hold the city center
Communication post
Communication Post
Comm Station
Avoiding hits while using Evasion roll
Reinforced area
Covers
Covers and shooting
Get to safety
I have no idea how to live through winter.
I'm tired of running.
Decreases cooldown between shots by 25%
Decreases ability cooldown
Decreases weapon noise radius by 60% 
Lowers the stamina cost of running while in combat.
Decreased "Inspiration "ability cooldown.
Universal shotgun ammo. Suitable for: IZh – 5, IZhB – 36, M30 Luftwaffe.
Destroy the bandits and everybody who assists them: You are harmed by their activities most of all!
Kill Biermeier
Eliminate Zobel
Eliminate enemies on the square
Destroy every Nazi tank
Eliminate the group of punishers
Destroy the railway gun
Eliminate anti-aircraft gun
Destroy the death squad in the ruined town block
Eliminate Nazis across the river
Eliminate the guards at the second logging area
Destroy the convoy security
Destroy the bridge security
Eliminate the guards at the boat dock
Elimine os guardas na primeira zona de extração
Elimine o Polizei ao lado da casa
Elimine soldados
Destrua o tanque
Elimine todos os grupos de inimigos ou os nazistas virão matar a filha do moleiro.
Use-o apenas por razões médicas.
Controle
Controlar sua equipe pode ser um desafio. Use esconderijos para aumentar as chances de sobrevivência de seus personagens.
Usar câmera
Controlar o esquadrão
Controlar o personagem
