To get more information about your weapon's hit chance, hover your cursor over your target. The higher the chance to hit, the more filled in the target's marker will be.
Your characters can jump over low fences to take shortcuts.
To fire your weapon, you need to equip it and have ammunition. Press "R" to reload your weapon. Bullets are stored in your character's backpack.
We need a supply of lumber for construction and repairs. Good thing we have a pine grove nearby.
To learn higher-level skills, you need to learn three skills from the previous tier. You can see the number of skills needed to the right of your skilltree.
In order for the partisans to start carrying out their assigned tasks, you need to click 'next day.'
Any wooden structure—a barn or a shed—can be used for protection from enemy bullets. Dig a foxhole inside near the wall and use the earth to reinforce the wall from the outside.
Use ambush tactics to destroy patrolling enemies. Take cover to gain an advantage. There's a suitable place in front of you now.
Wehrmacht soldiers have 10 grams of sugar daily.
Time remaining:
add or remove selected characters
Reach the village
Reach the partisan base
Reach the execution site in 25 minutes
Take the documents
Obtain the intelligence data
Resource searching
Reach the mill
Doctor Zaytsev
Commandant Biermeier's documents
How long do I have to stay here?
Chances are high
Community Center
Donbass, the industrial heart of the USSR, is in the hands of the Fascists.
Additional information
Side Quest 
They've really had it.
The Road
Plank
Available agents
Available partisans
File: "Y.D. Belyaev"
File: "V.O. Gnarovskaya"
File: "E.I. Zelenko"
File: "I.I. Ivanov"
File: "V.P. Kislyakov"
File: "Z.A. Kosmodemyanskaya," pt. 1
File: "Z.A. Kosmodemyanskaya," pt. 2
File: "V.A. Kotyk"
File: "V.A. Kotyk "
File: "A.V. Petrova"
File: "E.M. Fomin"
File: "B.L. Khigrin"
There are rumors circulating that the Fascists are conducting mass executions in occupied Kiev. Reportedly, thousands of people have been killed.
Dulag
Lock, Stock
FOOD SUPPLIES:
ENOUGH FOOD
Food
Food is ready
Take an Ax If You Go to the Forest
If the can is swelled, recommended to slip it to your enemy.
If you are not in combat, you can hide in cover and enemies will not be able to see you. Use this to set up an ambush.
If by evil intent I should violate this, my solemn oath, then let the severe punishment of Soviet law and the total hatred and contempt of the working classes befall me.
Death? Not today.
Let them come. We'll give them a warm greeting.
If the partisans aren't stupid, they won't dare to come out of the woods.
No one will notice if something goes missing.
Alarm can be triggered in the enemy territory
Additional quests present
Do you have a contact with the army?
Wehrmacht officers present
A hidden cache
Is someone there?
Bullseye!
There was no way to correct his behavior. We had to take drastic action.
Another week is over. Another raid is behind us. We need to catch our breath and get everything ready for the next raid.
Another village is burned down.
They won't think I did it, will they?
What if they order us to comb the forest?
There's another dead body.
Ability can be used at much higher distances. Increased number of ability uses during mission.
Rail Bridge
Rail Crossing
Railroad Bridge
I feel sorry for Praskovya. She was the prettiest girl in the village.
Gendarme
Iron body
I have a pretty wife, and I'm scared for her.
Go home now!
Body shield
My stomach aches.
Hungry.
Eat lead, you scum!
W
BLOCKED
RECRUIT AGENT
CARREGAR
TASKS
CLOSE
KILL ALL ENEMIES AT THE VILLAGE
RANK
SOUND
will receive {0} additional exp
Zorin's worth more living than dead.
They put a price on partisans' heads.
They shoot families for not telling on the fugitives.
Should pay extra for this.
Do I deserve this at my age?
How did we deserve this?
We decided not to visit Avdotya. It wasn't worth the risk.
Kill the fowl.
