redefinir todas as habilidades
VAGO
JÁ NO ESQUADRÃO
ARMAZÉM
DIFICULDADE
REDUZIDO
EVENTOS
SALVAR
SALVAR JOGO
DICA
COMPANHEIRO
MÉDIO
SECUNDÁRIO
OBRA
PRINCIPAL
Uma máquina de costura "Podolsk 2M" muito famosa. Geralmente é usado manualmente.
É tudo culpa dele.
A samovar for boiling water. Heated by burning wood or coal. A boot can be used on the pipe to blow on the fire in damp conditions.
Hootch
The hooch was good enough to send half of the troops back to Spain for rehab.
Selfless work in the fields, excellent harvests and early fulfillment of obligations to the government: This is how the collective farmers assist the Red Army in defeating the Fascist hordes. At Qurman district's machine tractor station (Crimean Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic), all harvesters are still toiling in the field; as the operators went to fight the Fascists, the women took their places at the machines. Meanwhile, women of the kolkhoz Kolos (in the Chkalovsk district of the Chkalovsk region), having replaced the tractor drivers who went to war, are confidently exceeding their work quotas.
Sanek stumbled upon a deserted forest camp and brought back everything of value he could find.
Sanek tried to shoot a machine gun at the range and injured his hand in the process.
Sanek
Sanek is anxious: Pops went hunting near the lake and still hasn't returned. The lake is close to a road often used by the Fascists. Who knows what may have happened. The old-timer may need our help: We're moving out to the lake to search for him.
Sanek is worried: Pops has gone missing. He was supposed to go hunting near the lake, where the plane crashed. We must move out and search for the old man. Let's hope he's safe and sound.
Sanek saw an enemy bomber burn through the night sky and crash inside the forest. He made a wish for the war to end before the winter.
Demining I
Demining II
They're greedy like locusts!
Sugar
What if we can't find them and they join the partisans?
Сollection of information 
Collect information about the number of troops in the area and their movements.
Assemble your squad
A portable bakelite safety razor and extra blades. 
Drop a corpse at the beginning of the battle
Cancel
Reset task
We can make berry jam.
We can cook some hearty fish soup.
Drilling of "Chalk-Bor"
Cozy nook
No Witness
Whistling I
Whistling II
Available
Partisans available
Report
No man left behind
Everyone should care about their own lives.
We cut the wires. The Germans have a problem.
Local citizens communication
Do a Barrel Roll!
We cooked roast and stew.
During the New Year festivities, every New Year tree featured a Grandfather Frost made from cotton wool and papier-mâché. 
A strong nickel-silver alloy. Can take a beating.
The Fascists are going to execute partisans in Zaborovka today. We should go there and prevent the executions. However, this could be difficult: According to Vasily Gavrilovich, there was a manhunt in the village the day before. The Germans are still there.
The night was so cold that nobody could sleep. We'll need to insulate our dugout using whatever we have in store.
I want some buttered potatoes.
It's going to blow!
Mushrooms are in season. We could find some chanterelles in the fir grove.
It's gonna hurt more! 
Not now. Enemies are alarmed!
I can't do it right now!
Impossible now.
Something is up.
Secret documents
Secret ingredient
Monastyrskoe v.
September 1941
Seriously challenging.
Sidorov was so intimidated that he not only shared the food, he also promised to keep us informed about the enemy's actions in the region. Let's wait for the news.
Sidorov called the other Polizei for help. We had to leave.
I can't go on.
Strength
I'm exhausted.
Reduced weapon reload time. 
Tough enemies.
A strong wind tore down dead wood. A falling tree damaged the roof of the {0}.
The smells of food attract hungry animals. We had to build a fence encircling the camp.
We warmed up the orphan and took her to Mother Marfa in the village.
Storage
Loot Warehouse
How many people are in your group?
First Aid
I just want this to end.
Firerate
Firerate 
Movement speed is decreased. Rifles, shotguns, SMG and MG can't be used by this partisan.
Movement speed reduced. Sprinting is impossible.
Hide indication of interactive objects
Hide interfaces
Boring...
I’m so bored... I wish someone would show up.
Here you can see a character's skill tree and skill list with their current ability mastery. Choose any skill to learn more about it.
The elk's hoofprints led us into a thicket. What a waste of time!
Keep an eye on the morale of your unit. Inspired fighters perform their duty better. 
Got you, punk! 
Got you, punk!
