/ d
weeks
"You have been honored with a great mission of liberation. Prove yourselves worthy! May our victory over the occupying scourge be absolute! Death to the Fascist invaders! Long live our glorious Motherland, its freedom and independence!"
Dulag (short for the German "Durchgangslager") is a temporary camp that held prisoners of war until they were transferred to permanent camps deeper in German and German-occupied territories.
Special coin
 "Triple" cologne: with three times the fragrance of other leading brands!
(sighs)
(wags its tail)
(yawns)
(coughs)
(groans)
(prays)
(hums)
(whistles)
(stares intently)
(sniffs)
(weeps)
(whines)
(blows nose)
(sneezes)
(sniffles)
(hums under the nose)
(clears his throat)
(whistling)
/
0
00h
08/01/1914
1. The turret is capable of horizontal rotation. The barrel inside the turret can only be moved vertically. Try to disable both the turret rotation and the cannon: This will deny the enemy the ability to shoot accurately.
1. Use the element of surprise: Attack when it is least expected.
1. A brave fighter doesn't fear the tank. The more fearless you are in the face of enemy armor, the easier it is to deal with it.
On the 10th of September, four German fighter planes intercepted a Soviet medical plane over the village of Ryadchino. The plane, clearly marked with the Red Cross, carried the severely wounded Red Army soldier Balmagambetov and junior political officer Yakov Pakhomov. The Messerschmitts attacked the plane, causing it to catch fire. With great effort the pilot landed the burning plane and carried the wounded outside, but the Fascists continued strafing their target, killing Balmagambetov and inflicting a head wound on Pakhomov.
 100% chance of success
10/11/1907
On the 12th of September 1941, Ekaterina Zelenko was returning from a reconnaissance mission in her Su-2 plane. She was attacked over the town of Romny by seven Messerschmitt Bf. 109 fighters. Despite the fact that the Su-2 was inferior to the enemy fighters in speed and agility, and her wingman was shot down during the first attack, Zelenko made her stand: She shot down one enemy Messerschmitt and then, having run out of ammunition, rammed another by cutting its wing off with her propeller. She destroyed an enemy at the cost of her own life. In so doing Ekaterina Ivanovna Zelenko became the first (and so far only) woman to perform an aerial ramming.
150g canned vegetables
06/16/1927
11/19/1905
1941. World War II.<cf><cf>Nazi Germany attacks the Soviet Union without declaring war. The Red Army suffers catastrophic casualties in battle, and thousands of soldiers find themselves surrounded. The invaders are moving deeper and deeper into the country, leaving ruined cities and burned villages in their wake. Leningrad and Moscow are in danger.<cf><cf>Soviet citizens in captured territories are forced to leave their native villages. They are made to build military objects and cruelly punished for even the slightest infraction by the occupying regime. The invaders drive away farm animals and empty barns, dooming entire villages to famine and death.<cf><cf>You are Red Army Major Alexey Zorin. Your company was surrounded and wiped out. Thanks to random chance, you and sergeant-major Nikolai Fetisov managed to survive. A local fellow named Sanek took you to your refuge, an earth hut in the forest, where you regained your strength and considered your situation.<cf><cf>Your duty demands that you join the local 
partisans and continue fighting the invaders. To test your abilities, you are sent to a workshop where, according to the locals, a tank is undergoing repairs. You are planning to destroy it. It doesn't seem like much of a feat, but great things always start with small beginnings.
1941. World War II.<cf><cf>Nazi Germany attacks the Soviet Union without declaring war. The Red Army suffers catastrophic casualties in battle, and thousands of soldiers find themselves surrounded. The invaders are moving deeper and deeper into the country, leaving ruined cities and burned villages in their wake. Leningrad and Moscow are in danger.<cf><cf>Soviet citizens in captured territories are forced to leave their native villages. They are made to build military objects and cruelly punished for the slightest infraction by the occupying regime. The invaders drive away farm animals and empty barns, dooming entire villages to famine and death.<cf><cf>You are Red Army Major Alexey Zorin. Your company was surrounded and wiped out. Thanks to random chance, you and sergeant-major Nikolai Fetisov manage to survive. A local fellow named Sanek took you to your refuge, an earth hut in the forest, where you regained your strength and considered your situation.<cf><cf>Your duty demands that you join the local Partis
ans and continue fighting the invaders. To test your abilities, you are sent to a workshop where, according to the locals, a tank is undergoing repairs. You are planning to destroy it. It doesn’t seem like much of a feat, but great things always start with small beginnings.
1h
1
2 days
2. The tank engine is cooled by air coming inside through special apertures. All hatches, joints and couplings are also sources of potential openings. You can set the tank on fire by pouring flammable liquid in through those openings.
2. Stay calm, but determined. Learn to let the enemy approach as close as 20 or even 10 meters.
2. The tank needs a working engine to move. Disable the engine—and the vehicle is stuck.
07/20/1876
200g of tinned meat
At 4AM on June 22, 1941, the armed forces of Germany launched a surprise attack against the Soviet Union. The Great Patriotic War of the Soviet people against the Fascist invaders began.
25g of coffee or hot chocolate
25g of salt
250g hard biscuits in waxed paper
June 26th. The East Fort was the centerpiece of the resistance. Rifle and machine gun fire immediately cut down everyone who dared to approach.
June 27th. It became known that the defending garrison consists of about 20 officers and 370 soldiers. Reportedly, the defensive effort is held together by one major and one commissar.
04/29/1917
June 29th. Planes dropped many 500kg bombs on their positions. No notable effect.
09/03/1920
3. Tank crews use observation slots and vision equipment. Cover them with mud and disable them using small-arms fire.
3. The engine needs fuel to run. Cut the fuel supply, and the tank will stand idle.
3. Bravery bordering on recklessness is the partisan's main weapon.
June 30th. Planes resumed dropping 500kg bombs this afternoon. A 1800kg bomb was dropped as well. It hit a corner of the wall; the explosion shook the whole city of Brest…
4. If the tank has any fuel left, try to set it on fire. If the fuel catches fire, the whole tank will soon follow.
4. Keep inventing new methods to deal with the enemy. A partisan can't afford to be predictable.
12/05/1911
Take Sanek on 5 missions
5. The tanks use tracks for better off-road capability. Aim to damage the tracks or drive sprocket to stop the tank.
5. Maintain close contact with the Soviet patriots remaining in the German-occupied towns and villages.
7.62mm rifle
7.62mm pistol
7.92mm rifle
7.62 
7.62
9mm pistol
 
AddExpToAll
BACK TO CAMP
ArticyGVCheck
Bolshaya village<cf>railway station
Blocked
C
Partisans Camp
Valuable Cargo
Complexity:  
Resource items will be placed here:
Village
FPS count: 
Farm
Game in development. Demo version.
Railroad crossing
Landmark
Key
MG 34 stationary
MP – 35
Crossing
Lockpick
Defense line
Resources added  
Burnt village
Shift+1, 2, 3 - add character to the squad 
Thank you for playing Partisans 1941!
